,cons
333,"Poor mentoring program, all the product sales specialists have been eliminated so the onus is now on the Core salespeople to run all product sales cycles, definitely a backstabbing environment where instead of working through issues directly with individuals the norm is to go straight to their boss first and create a contentious relationship, the sales goals are not attainable (especially in light of COVID-19), and there is a complete misunderstanding of how enterprise accounts buy versus commercial accounts."
532,"Worst management - They will never listen to you. They'll only do what they want to do and all your ideas will be given to others and they are projected as their ideas. Totally biased and even after multiple feedbacks with the proofs they do not want to accept. They will always tell, there's more to come in the future stay tuned. It's not about promotions or hike percentages. It's about ethics and integrity which the management will oversee always. Sometimes it's clearly evident and visible to everyone in the team that something wrong is happening and the local leadership in Hyderabad, never want to fix it. They just want to bypass it saying the (people who get support from management) trying to do something extra why don't you support him instead of giving feedback. Later, the people who actually want to work as a team and share some feedback with the managers will be targeted big time and will be treated as like slaves or even worst them, Support - Worst support that I have seen in the service industry. These guys never understand its a product based support, not a BPO. With Salesforce having three releases a year with all upgradations & patches, it will be difficult for a support person to keep up to date all the time. The worst way of calculation with regards to the headcount. They say they're hiring people but for a quarter 50 people for a backlog and burden of thousands of cases is not working. Outdated metrics are being used to calculate productivity and other year-end calculations. Employee Success or HR: Apart from very few members Zaira Banu & Rajesh I do not see others responding to the questions raised by the employees. I'm not biased towards the above two but however, their work speaks for themselves. Now coming to the recruitment, Salesforce always recommends the employees to refer people to the organisation, however, the recruitment or referral process is worst (there is no other least word for this). I have referred around 10 profiles to this organisation, all the profiles haven't been considered. They stay in the first or second stage for almost 2 to 3 months and then the status changes to No longer in consideration. When we try to contact the recruiter there will be no response. FYI, the above mentioned 10 profiles have been selected in other organisations for better positions and better packages. It's clearly evident on the floor that there is an agreement between the manager and the respective team member. The team member will refer people and the respective manager will select that profile. Once the team member gets the referral bonus it will be shared by the team member(who referred to the profile) and the manager who recruited."
536,They will make you work for the promotions. Example: you do 200% of your sales target and you're next in line for a promotion. Management will tap 3 people. You have now earned the right to interview for a promotion. You will be given a case study to present to senior directors. You will get beaten up in this meeting far beyond what any customer would put you through. At the end 1 of the 3 people will be selected to move up. The other 2 go back and wait until they are tapped again for a promotion. I watched a few friends depart due to not getting their promotion.
538,- Ex-Microsoft employee factory in infrastructure org. - No innovation or automation opportunities provided across multiple teams especially in infrastructure delivery. - Silo teams/individuals working for their own growth and stock renewals. - Lack of transparency from Ex-MSFT Management. - Cross-cloud collaboration is worst. - People outside HQ (San Francisco/US) are left to their own fate. - No encouragement from local managers on career growth. - No encouragement from local leadership to participate in OOM. (Opportunities in different teams) - People working in infrastructure org are treated as third class citizens.
565,Culture (potentially need time to adapt)
571,"Since the company is growing fast , all sort of people are there in middle management and these people are not following the basic Ohana culture of salesforce which Marc is dreaming about. If you are from an acquired company and not into salesforce tech stack, then be very careful , you will be fired immediately after your knowledge transfer and if they feel that you are no more required to carry on with the work, even though you had spent years together in the acquired company to build the product. No help whatsoever from HR or hiring managers for internal openings even though you learn and get certified in salesforce related technologies."
577,Salesforce is a rapidly growing company and sometimes it can be hard to find the right people to talk too. But the internal social network helps a lot.
588,"Looks like a superb company from the outside with good benefit & culture. Under the lid is a toxic, back stabbing culture with products driven by marketing & apple polishing. Products are written with outmoded design & scattered codes which obviously were forced to push into the production because the upper leadership need stuff to put in their release notes so they can keep touting about their “innovation” and “progressiveness”. Customer Supports are the most pitiful people I have ever seen given that they have to support the products that are not even documented whatsoever and the product managers are ditching them being unresponsive & supportive. The company needs to grow in order to keep their investors pleased however almost all territories in all regions are already saturated so they are now being forced to riskier moves - riskier M&A like tableau and territory like China. The yet worst part is that I saw managers solicited good reviews on Glassdoor or Vorkers in Japan so I seriously doubt how true are other positive reviews..."
682,- Creeping bureaucracy with some metrics apparently being collected for the sake of it - Rapid change can make it a challenge to keep up - Career paths outside of the USA are a little opaque
724,Be prepared for high pressure
812,"Culture is shifting as company is growing - career paths are becoming less clear, lots of red tape to make decisions."
858,- Creeping bureaucracy with some metrics apparently being collected for the sake of it - Rapid change can make it a challenge to keep up - Career paths outside of the USA are a little opaque
867,- Too many signs that are leading toward the organisation functioning like Oracle due to product mix. We need to steer clear of this and sell as a team
1022,"political sometimes too many metrics which make no sense career growth may not be great after a few years, my advice - kill yourself for a few years, gain good exposure, then leave"
1088,It's gotten way too big and Salesforce puffs out it's big chest and considers it a privilege if companies become clients. Way too much boasting You're a cog in a wheel and will report to several different people there. New territories are given out without any input from AEs. You're successful if you have a good territory and it depends if Salesforce has pissed off that company in the past. If so - good luck!
1128,"As with any big organization, it takes time to know the right people."
1142,Some unrealistic expectations for the sales teams. Smaller cities do not get the respect that the larger cities get in regards to resources.
1162,If a remote employee sometimes you can feel isolated..
1179,Company only understands direct sales and has not embraced and invested in indirect sales channels. Senior management of indirect sales has no experience or background. Consistently under invest and make short sighted decisions.
1222,territories move often stay in positions for a long period of time
1238,"Not a con, but they move very fast. May not be the best fit if you don't like change. It happens quickly here."
1253,"It is a very large company, so you might not get to interact with as many people or have the same influence that you would in a much smaller company."
1257,"Direct team is all over the US, making it difficult to connect on a day-to-day basis."
1392,so many AEs and territorites getting carved up smaller and smaller. In the commercial business unit all of the customers are already oversold. Hard to make money
1435,"It is a very large company, so you might not get to interact with as many people or have the same influence that you would in a much smaller company."
1636,"Management was not good, very controlling."
1762,"Promotions can be tricky, need multi level approvals to get promotion."
1818,- Big company so some internal processes might be a bit slow - Career path is sometimes unclear and you need to create your network to land the best role / promotion. This is not always given to you just based on merit.
1819,Size leads to a lot of noise that can get in the way of day-to-day actions
1837,Aggressive growth goals sometimes is a little bit stressing!
2188,"Transparency sometimes feels like an issue. Despite the frequent all-hands calls, there is sometimes confusion around the direction of certain products/branches"
2196,"feast or famine too many products/co-primes (could also be a pro, lots of ways to make money) culture is very team/org-dependent but in general its competitive and everyone is just trying to seem impressive all the time"
2201,A growing successful company = Fast-Paced Change is truly a reality; Just a matter of when things will unfold Encouraged to take vacation or wellness days but hard to find the perfect time of year (if not careful burnout is a real possibility)
2231,"feast or famine too many products/co-primes (could also be a pro, lots of ways to make money) culture is very team/org-dependent but in general its competitive and everyone is just trying to seem impressive all the time"
2247,"MASSIVE TURNOVER in recruiting. Hasn’t been a day in the past few months where I haven’t seen someone turn in notice. All were top performers, too. We are all burnt out to the point of some seeking professional help for mental health. We have a leader who is a great person but has never worked in recruiting and has no experience or interest in us. Sad to see the recruiting org take a nose dive."
2333,"Sales organization has clear winners and losers. Depending on what area you are in, and to whom you report, you can have a very good run or you can burn out in less than a year."
2365,Always have to be selling/marketing...even when talking to internal leadership
2425,Sometimes there's too much information and meetings to keep track of. It can be difficult to find who you need to reach out to due to the size of the company.
2458,"Groups constantly seem understaffed. Management is glorified. I have found that often, managers lack experience in true HR related issues and don't understand what certain benefits are, such as types of disability leave. I also agree with other reviewers about managers hiring best friends and receiving preferential treatment."
2605,"If you are in the sales/pre-sales org, work life balance really does not exist."
2609,"The pressure is always very high to make your numbers as a sales professional. As a growing organization (~14,000 employees), it can be slow to see material change to broken processes. With the growing number of acquisitions, the integration process can be very slow."
2649,"Success really depends on the leadership of your org. Some leaders are authoritative but lack empathy. Extroverted personalities tend to be rewarded while introverts tend to be ""managed out"" or bullied. Work/Life balance suffers occasionally."
2811,"Must learn the Salesforce way and abide by their playbook. Lot of promotions from within, so a lot of management started from the bottom and made their way up without much experience elsewhere."
3103,Too much work means less play. Hard to progress in the current role
3104,- Ex-Microsoft employee factory in infrastructure org. - No innovation or automation opportunities provided across multiple teams especially in infrastructure delivery. - Silo teams/individuals working for their own growth and stock renewals. - Lack of transparency from Ex-MSFT Management. - Cross-cloud collaboration is worst. - People outside HQ (San Francisco/US) are left to their own fate. - No encouragement from local managers on career growth. - No encouragement from local leadership to participate in OOM. (Opportunities in different teams) - People working in infrastructure org are treated as third class citizens.
3141,Not identified. Need more sun - if you need any con.
3162,- Numbers driven - Not local enough - Weak mid level management - Engaged in to much lip service - Full of politics and egos
3225,"Senior leadership and culture. It is very political with an arrogant culture. It also tends to be ""helicopter"" leadership out of the States, when senior US leaders get involved in areas they know nothing about."
3261,They will make you work for the promotions. Example: you do 200% of your sales target and you're next in line for a promotion. Management will tap 3 people. You have now earned the right to interview for a promotion. You will be given a case study to present to senior directors. You will get beaten up in this meeting far beyond what any customer would put you through. At the end 1 of the 3 people will be selected to move up. The other 2 go back and wait until they are tapped again for a promotion. I watched a few friends depart due to not getting their promotion.
3443,"A lot of noise and chaos, although it’s a great aspect as it’s not dis-similar to other big tech companies"
3501,Can be high pressure at times
3538,Very cliquey and can be a toxic environment
3621,"Promotions can be tricky, need multi level approvals to get promotion."
3630,"So many different products to be across it can be very overwhelming Aggressive targets that are often very hard to achieve Long hours - work phone but expected to be ""on"" all the time Talk about work/life balance but often targets supersede that"
3631,Shark tank sales environment can be stressful
3644,So big. Easy to be a cog. Everyone is a cog. Unending volume of stuff.
3656,- Large Product Portfolio if not in a singular cloud
3728,"-Depending on your management in IT, you will either get a innovative leader, or a leader stuck in old school metric driven decision making with disassociation their workers -IT process and metrics are micromanaged at times, especially on remote support during the pandemic -Talent retention with contractors during the pandemic has been abysmal"
3838,"With 70K+ employees, it's just another huge company- the heart of the culture is missing."
4014,Promotions aren't super transparent - takes longer to move up internally vs if you come externally
4286,"Underneath its grandiose, towering presence and pristine public reputation, lies a dark reality in the sales organization. I could never recommend a career in sales at Salesforce for these reasons: Compensation: Salesforce's base and OTE's are well under the market rate for Account Executives. On top of that, you are punished financially for being promoted within the company, and will receive a base/OTE that is 10-20k lower than external hires. Due to this, there is incredibly high turnover, as long term Salesforce sales employees bounce to other companies to receive proper compensation and many of the sales teams are constantly dominated by new hires. Territories are created in a way in which only about 20% of reps will hit their annual number so base your expected income on your base rate and how comfortable you would be living off of that number. Customer treatment: Salesforce redistributes territories every fiscal year, meaning customers are given a new Account Executive every year. This leads to extreme frustration and oftentimes, customers being sold solutions that they don't necessarily need. Expect to be dealing with many angry customers during the first part of the fiscal year, and cleaning up the mess created by the previous AE. Management: From my experience, I have had some of the most micromanaging and condescending bosses of my career at Salesforce. Even though I am a remote employee, I constantly feel as if my boss is looking over my shoulder through the constant Slack messages and tracking of my daily activity (call/email volume). The worst part is the culture of toxic positivity. Never admit that you are struggling either with work or in your personal life, as that will be used against you in one way or another. Favoritism is rampant and is gifted to those who go out of their way to express immense gratitude, compliment their boss, and NEVER admit frustrations, even if valid. Sorry, but I'm too old to act like a corporate robot monkey. Career mobility: As I mentioned above, in the sales organization, your pay will hardly change as you go up-market. Switching into other departments is nearly impossible as you must seek VP level approvals, navigate the lousy internal recruiting teams, and build up a case as to why you are more valuable than external hires. This is why there are so many Salesforce boomerangs... Ultimately, I had really high hopes for the Sales Organization at Salesforce, but was super disappointed by my experience. I understand that not every experience will be the same, but I think it is important to look past the facade."
4344,"Too much of a focus on inputs (calls, connects, emails) rather than outcomes."
4439,None on top pf my mind
4474,Promotions aren't super transparent - takes longer to move up internally vs if you come externally
4795,There have consistent instances of macro aggression across the board where some of the top talents in the organisation have been run to the ground and got seriously ill and others have had to leave.
4953,"Not a con, but they move very fast. May not be the best fit if you don't like change. It happens quickly here."
4969,"This is from our experience..yes OUR because multiple people have expressed identical concerns. General managerial inconsistency and poor and undefined career development Subjective management with unclear expectations and lack of constructive feedback Lack of knowledge and account/opportunity strategy from superiors Unavailability as a resource – poor coaching and lack of involvement with accounts / opportunities Complete lack of trust and transparency with direct line management Inability to coach, mentor and guide effectively – no structure for 1:1 meetings and lack of agenda - Continuous belittlement and criticism despite efforts to improve – general disengagement, lack of proactive coaching resulting in negative retrospective feedback Lack of fair judgment and unprofessional communication in open forums- topics to be discussed in 1:1 posted openly with a belittling nature Unfair and unequal treatment amongst Salesforce employees, specifically at AE level Internal political nightmare with unjustified promotions Unequal territories with no realistic probability of quota attainment unless provided multiple territories with high AOV band Lack of true sentiment for customer success – Many oversold accounts, unhappy customers and forced purchases encompassing a bullying demeanor Lack of true equality in the workplace – Majority of the Southern California hub is Caucasian, where there is a true lack of diversity, where it appears that minorities are hired to meet quotas Distraught office culture full of fear and lack of “Ohana” despite how Salesforce portrays itself Low compensation compared to fair market value for AE per segment False claims of “equality” (approximately 65% White, 79% Male at Salesforce) Continuous micro-management with call center mentality for tenured Account Executives On a final note, there are some extremely judgmental managers, one specifically who came from the Chicago office. Constant complaining, throwing people under the bus and tattle tale mentality making it a completely uncomfortable work environment and actually having people who would rather quit than put up with ""it""."
5059,"If you're a Software Engineer looking to learn new technologies, create innovative technical solutions, or grow your career, I cannot stress to you enough to RUN AWAY from any opportunities at Salesforce Indy. The company culture would have you believe that Security/Trust trumps everything. Development machines are tightly locked down, and access to new technologies requires a multi-level approval process that can take months. While Security teams claim to ""partner"" with engineering teams, they impose security restrictions without any input from engineering and require layers of ""evidence"" as to why a restriction should be lifted (we're talking simple things like installing Docker). I was once told that ""Powershell is banned, access to it is completely forbidden"". Furthermore, the company claims to be Agile and is anything but. This is typical for large companies with internal software teams, but frankly I expected more from a company like Salesforce. User stores and bugs are tied back to epics that are ""committed"" to specific releases. They require stories that tie back outlining the project from start to finish, and individual stories are broken down further into ""tasks"" that really just lead to a tedious ""check the box"" workflow for most projects. If for some reason the project doesn't make it in the committed epic, prepare to be asked by multiple layers of management as to why it was dropped/delayed. If you're a developer looking for a 9-5 gig with the best benefits in town and an easy-going atmosphere, this might be for you. If you're a developer that wants to work with newer technologies and create truly innovative solutions to existing problems, look elsewhere. This job will not help you develop a better skillset, it will not help you work with newer tech, and it certainly won't allow you to come anywhere close to creating innovative solutions."
5120,Recently there have been what appear to be missteps on the transparency front. There is a distributed/remote policy that management's not able to clearly articulate and communication has been very spotty to the people affected. I have faith that the company will properly communicate the final decision but months of waiting without any substantial progress doesn't seem very Salesforce-like.
5217,"- Unnecessary and lengthy trainings for new hires - Many people are not direct and will talk behind your back - They expect you to immediately adapt to the pace of the account you're on, even if you're coming from a different industry - Managers want you to create problems to discuss in check-in meetings just so they can feel important - Unreasonable expectations for you to meet billable hours requirement, plus take VTO, plus complete unnecessary trainings through Trailhead - Not doing enough to ensure that the employees uphold the tenets of trust and communication"
5230,"management does not know how to handle a down economy or ensure that their sales team is motivated. there is some luck involved - you do not have to take a promotion if you do not think the territory will produce- research the trends - ask they will support your success- asks for more accounts- do what you need to be successful- because once you stop hitting your number, you will be asked to leave."
5377,Makes excuses and has autocratic style
5507,Leadership not prepared to handle the team. HR processes.
5526,Leadership not prepared to handle the team. HR processes.
5573,"Old boys network, unless you are best friends with management you won't get a promotion, back stabbing culture and very political. Anyone who is a decent person or good at their job has left or is thinking about it."
5594,"This review is for recruiters hyd team. There were so many worst experiences with them. Trust and Transparency is the great qualities of the Salesforce. But it seems the recruiters don't care at all. Even though referred so many people, Not sure what's the problem, They never got the call for interview. Also, another experience with them, Some of the recruiters at least don't response to the pings when we ping to them for information, Even after pinging so many times. If they don't respond at least to the internal employees, not sure how they interact with the interview candidates. This is very disappointing how they treat internal employees and at least they should respond. I understand ping people are busy some days or times. But not 2/7 or week. Honestly the recruiter experience is worst experience, They don't care at all. They don't respect time and they don't respect individuals and don't reply to at least internal employees. Also I had heard so many that, Even after candidates performed well, Finally the result is the candidates were rejected."
5728,The work is hard. Processes and systems are not as mature as most 5000 person companies. There is a lot of HQ centric thinking. I would (ad do) trade the positives for these issues any day.
5759,"political sometimes too many metrics which make no sense career growth may not be great after a few years, my advice - kill yourself for a few years, gain good exposure, then leave"
5761,"management does not know how to handle a down economy or ensure that their sales team is motivated. there is some luck involved - you do not have to take a promotion if you do not think the territory will produce- research the trends - ask they will support your success- asks for more accounts- do what you need to be successful- because once you stop hitting your number, you will be asked to leave."
5762,territories move often stay in positions for a long period of time
5820,The territories are treated as though they each have the same sales potential with each having the same quota. Though in reality the territories are not the same and each year the territories get smaller and smaller while the the quota rises. The company is satisfied with having only 55% achieve their quotas and qualify for club because they don't expect 45% of the reps to attain their quotas. So 45% of the reps are set up for failure. They also bait and switch territories as a way to attract talent. They make you a job offer for a particular territory only to tell you after you have been hired and left your previous job that your territory has changed...and typically the new territory is not of the same caliber and potential of what was promised. Also when a new sales rep joins the company they find that their territory has been cherry picked by several reps on their sales team each having hold outs preventing you from selling into these accounts for up to 90 days. And there is no quota relief for this lost revenue potential.
5928,Big changes every 12 months Senior leadership can feel disconnected.
6043,no work/life balance very fast-paced can take a long time to move to another role
6211,"The pressure is always very high to make your numbers as a sales professional. As a growing organization (~14,000 employees), it can be slow to see material change to broken processes. With the growing number of acquisitions, the integration process can be very slow."
6352,Development process is not agile enough
6353,"Official documentation for ""promotions"" does not always match what leadership says"
6393,Company only understands direct sales and has not embraced and invested in indirect sales channels. Senior management of indirect sales has no experience or background. Consistently under invest and make short sighted decisions.
6438,"Rapid growth can lead to some on-boarding frustrations. However, this is a very minor con."
6467,"Highly political, closed door feeling from management."
6536,"Extremely fast-paced, everyone's trying to climb to the top"
6603,"Same issues of any large enterprise when it comes to direct management, politics, clarity, etc."
6682,"Very Chaotic, not organized, reactionary"
6946,"Hard to affect change and drive product direction that is meaningful to the market as opposed to the ""cool"" flavor of the month being driven from the top down."
6950,Middle Management lack of experience shows them as bosses instead of leaders Some remote offices still have a lack of recognization
7103,"Too many politics in the local region and revenue-only focus. And HQ is not interested in a non-US region. A power harassment by a local none-sales executive(such as VP level of Mktg, HR, Finance, Strategy)occurs and lies neglected."
7129,Do not work in premier support team(t-2) . You will die with politics and mental pressure and no chance for growth
7166,Team Manager are sometimes not a fit for the role - don't understand the market they're managing or speak the language of the country they're managing. On the outside they are living the Ohana culture but on the inside there is not always Ohana. When working in sales for example there is a lo of pressure and too many changes for different processes. Not everybody get's a chance to work here. For example if you have 7 years of working experience in sales but no university degree then you don't get a chance for an interview. This is not right!
7185,Middle Management lack of experience shows them as bosses instead of leaders Some remote offices still have a lack of recognization
7230,"The agile and lean teams mean we do a lot of work. Quite often the focus is on solving burning issues (and there are a lot of them!) instead of focusing on the fundamental operations, which doesn't leave us much time to fix things and make them better. I also struggle to understand why it's so hard to get licences for our own products to use internally. Also, not enough clarity around development and career guidance, that's left all up to you."
7247,Need to be very autonomous if you want to succeed.
7300,"-Sometimes changing career paths can be difficult to navigate (however, they took that feedback and have recently come up with an internal process to better help internal employees connect with internal job openings)"
7386,"Esp.the Indian unit doesn't follow the Ohana culture Hyderabad unit is worst among all.Human resources team tops this list. Boiler plate responses from people in HR and sales team Few recruiting managers are absolute morons (If any one from HR Hyderabad team is reading it, you know that few are)"
7430,Shark tank sales environment can be stressful
7436,Can be high pressure at times
7604,"Won't recommend it for Developers as there is a lot of pressure in this role. Even you are good technically, this role won't benefit you as the work pressure and expectations are too high. Screen time too high - you cannot move 9 hours."
7703,"The company waivers between a startup culture and a big mature business culture. Some people thrive in one environment or the other, but Salesforce seems to have a little of both. For instance, travel approval requires multiple levels of approval up to a EVP; on the other hand, a phone call secured two programming resources to work on a really cool side project. The con is, I'm not sure what kind of response I'm going to get - startup or big company."
7719,"Favoritism. Political. Get in with the inner circle (decision makers) and you're golden. Salesforce talks a lot about Ohana, even setting their top method/ measure as ohana - but as many other reviewers mentioned. It's all smoke and mirrors. The culture is cut throat and people help you if they think you can help them in the future. There's no sense of boundaries or work life balance. Managers and stake holders text you nights and weekends asking for something ASAP. Managers manage up here and if your work isn't 100% what they need they question your intelligence. They don't want to mentor or manage, they want robots ready to push out work."
7761,The territories are treated as though they each have the same sales potential with each having the same quota. Though in reality the territories are not the same and each year the territories get smaller and smaller while the the quota rises. The company is satisfied with having only 55% achieve their quotas and qualify for club because they don't expect 45% of the reps to attain their quotas. So 45% of the reps are set up for failure. They also bait and switch territories as a way to attract talent. They make you a job offer for a particular territory only to tell you after you have been hired and left your previous job that your territory has changed...and typically the new territory is not of the same caliber and potential of what was promised. Also when a new sales rep joins the company they find that their territory has been cherry picked by several reps on their sales team each having hold outs preventing you from selling into these accounts for up to 90 days. And there is no quota relief for this lost revenue potential.
8041,My department along with many others is going through constant re-org. It doesn't feel like you're able to make much of a positive impact or move the needle with the business during times like these. It can be political chaos for months.
8160,Development process is not agile enough
8191,Some unrealistic expectations for the sales teams. Smaller cities do not get the respect that the larger cities get in regards to resources.
8205,"Very large organization can be difficult to navigate, pressure to succeed can burn some people out, Portland site does not have much room for career development"
8227,"Long hours, office culture, politics. The Chicago office needs attention, the politics involved in getting promotions runs rampant. There were multiple male sales leaders in the last year let go due to inappropriate office relations with females and younger employees. Need more women leaders here, they let one of the best female sales leaders go as well that a lot of women looked up to as a mentor and leader. They pit you and your colleagues against each other when interviewing for a sales promotion and makes it awkward and uncomfortable. They also hardly give any thanks or recognition."
8321,"Big company politics are eroding individual morale and speed of innovation. In Technology & Products group, leadership that is not aligned, many big org changes have happened without any care for people's livelihoods. People are not happy and have been leaving at a steady stream. Also, they do not pay well for those that have tenure. Accept that outside hires for the same job (and even at a grade level lower) will earn more than you."
8340,Some growing pains as the transition to large tech provider continues
8423,Salesforce.com is getting big. It may not be what you're looking for.
8453,"The pace can be overwhelming. Moving initiatives forward can be particularly challenging given excessive competing priorities. These, in themselves, aren't ""cons"" but can be considered as such by those who have been lulled into complacency in traditional work environments."
8580,big targets with intense onboarding and sometimes a little stretched
8646,"Everyone in it for themselves So called Ohana is just a mega Propaganda thing Towards the outside company is promoted as this family thing Once you're in, you realise it's all just about the money, and everyone is just focusing on themselves Ego culture - Narcissistic upper management - nobody really interested in what's good for customers or employees Only very few make their targets High turnover of people in sales"
8799,Lot of politics and women not allowed to reach leadership grade
8829,Lot of politics and women not allowed to reach leadership grade
8888,Sometimes too many data points / resources for onboarding present too many options. May be better to try keeping it simpler and reducing the number of channels for info.
8977,"There’s a lack of trust in some leadership. Coaching is at a minimum. Having had roughly 9 managers in my tenure, I’ve had only two who have provided feedback to help me grow. That’s not a very good ratio. My current one’s response when asked after a customer meeting with an executive was “I’ll let you know if you’re doing something wrong”. That’s not in any way helpful. It’s impossible that I’ve done everything right in one of those meetings and I expect feedback to help me grow. I’m not asking for my hand to be held. I’m asking for guidance. Something you expect from your leader. The office can be quite clique-y and you have to fight your way in. Not quite the Ohana people hear about from the CEO."
9090,"Salesforce is operating a massive change in its growth rate where, now, growth is more coming from external acquisitions than from its core business"
9130,There is no reason you shouldn’t join
9458,"Old body Network internaly, Lot of pressure often not useful"
9460,Too much work means less play. Hard to progress in the current role
9476,Lots of great people but a question mark about who and where recent senior people have come from over the last 18 months and hence what impact their career history is having on the company's culture. It's changed. Very corporate and hierarchical. No longer a start up feel so don't expect that unless you're coming from a monster sized company like Oracle or somewhere similar.
9496,"Hard to affect change and drive product direction that is meaningful to the market as opposed to the ""cool"" flavor of the month being driven from the top down."
9510,completely unrealistic meetings and announcements although approachable management don't seem to have working hearing Too many meetings. management call meetings regularly to repeat the same messages and tell you how great they are the majority of sales are having trouble paying bills. A Yes man culture is emerging.
9628,"Management- has no real clue of what's going on, listens to gossip, doesn't understand that life happens Political- with groups of straight out of college grads and 20 something year olds- be prepared for drama/gossip/office scandals No brain stimulation"
9980,"MASSIVE TURNOVER in recruiting. Hasn’t been a day in the past few months where I haven’t seen someone turn in notice. All were top performers, too. We are all burnt out to the point of some seeking professional help for mental health. We have a leader who is a great person but has never worked in recruiting and has no experience or interest in us. Sad to see the recruiting org take a nose dive."
