,cons
204,"Pressure cooker, high expectations and stress expected"
206,Still a “startup mentality”—so keep in mind all this entails!
223,can be very stressful high turnover
226,In some groups frequent re-org can lead to relationship resets.
231,Large organization that can feel siloed
234,Need to have more of a work hard play hard mentality
236,Constant change keeps you always learning
243,"Pressure to perform, high expectations"
257,"- Onboarding during COVID-19 has been weird and difficult, but they are doing their best given the limitations - There are many meetings. My advice is to always take control of your calendar - RSU refresh is rare from what I hear - Internal move can be difficult, but not impossible with some strategic networking - The senior management still lacks diversity but the company is working on it"
259,"Getting large, which is both positive and creates some challenges"
265,"Too Many CSAT Issues, Company Culture is also Overly Political"
273,"High pressure, demanding, very big"
274,Lack of integration with acquisitions
304,Their internal promotion path can get a bit tricky when you've worked for the company from the start but have to go against someone external. Also we need more diversity in our sales organization.
306,Promotions can be really political
311,"Corporate kool-aid is very strong/cult-y Top leadership is not open, honest, or transparent"
312,Can sometimes be frustrating as you have no one specific to talk to at times on a day-to-day basis. You have to quickly find your cohorts who are in the same stage of your journey.
313,can be a very stressful environment
315,"The culture is extremely fake. A lot of politicking and constantly being told to ""stay in your lane"". I'm not sure why this company is always in the top list on glassdoor when it's clear they don't truly care about their employees. They care about the work produced, not your psyche nor your well-being."
323,decentralized management has its downsides
325,"As an individual contributor, it's hard to see an impact due to the size of the company."
332,Upward mobility was difficult to chart a path
334,Difficult to change career path
345,Promotions can be really political
351,decentralized management has its downsides
352,"Inner circles, political, often difficultto get ahead"
356,- Internal competition vs selling as a team - Culture dramatically different for the worse than when I first joined - They bring in external hires at a higher OTE than those doing the same job who have worked their way up
363,"A lot of people, a lot of opinions"
368,"Very large corporation, with all that implies"
369,Difficult to change career path
370,Lots of pressure to perform
377,Their internal promotion path can get a bit tricky when you've worked for the company from the start but have to go against someone external. Also we need more diversity in our sales organization.
383,Always on activity level expectations
389,This is a demanding role
391,"- Can be bureaucratic at times being such a highly-matrixed organization - Although innovation is a core value, company size can interfere with ability to be super nimble and agile for certain departments at times (but this not unique to Salesforce, most large companies struggle with this) - Hard work is rewarded, but you also have to be diligent about establishing your brand and getting visibility with those who have power to help advance your career. So if you are not comfortable advocating for yourself and sometimes shouting your wins from the rooftop you may not want to work here. This is very true in Marketing, perhaps not all other BUs. - While diversity is a core a value, Salesforce like most tech companies are not as diverse as they think, so something to keep in mind if you're a minority. They are, however, making HUGE priorities around DEI initiatives particularly with recruiting efforts."
397,they demand you to become a better version of yourself and that may be tough for some people to be who don't like change.
398,Cutthroat environment but to be expected
404,A BIG co that moves very slowly.
428,lots of growth and change within the organization. Really depends who your manager is and what experience they have - that'll dictate your success more than anything.
430,"The one constant at Salesforce is change. It can be good, but you shouldn't get too comfortable in a role."
432,Promotions are very unclear and is very much a boys club mentality
440,"Struggled for identity, not organized"
441,Politics play a big role
450,International management have some tyrants
458,Can be very political. High level of competition.
470,"Culture in latam, pressure, management in latam"
493,"The base salary is relatively poor although the ability to make commission can be massive. With that said, it comes down to the companies you're working with and there are plenty of very talented people at Salesforce doing poorly for this reason. The inverse applies as well - although the overall people standard is high there are some with mediocre talent and effort who stumble blindly into huge paydays. Also, when you're in you're in – you tend to only view the world through the lens of Salesforce."
502,"I was with Salesforce for a year. When I started I was made a lot of promises regarding the territories being fair within the team. However, once I got my territory and saw how it was compared to other territories across the team, I realized that 80% of the territories in any given team are bad. Only 20% of the accounts/territories are good and in which the sales people make money. And Management knows this. So if you are an Account Executive aligned well with Management, you are set. However, if you are like the 80% of the account executives, your fate is NOT in your hands as you will get bad accounts. They know this. The management's objective at least in the Toronto office is to only have 20% of the people make their #. They dont want anyone to be 200% of their #. They expect 80% of the reps to miss their #. The territories are extremely disparate. There's a lot of partiality in who gets what accounts. Be very careful when you join as an AE. For other roles like Marketing, Ops etc I've heard its a good place to work. However, for Sales its just like any other company. Dont fall for their lies when they tell you that the territories are fair. To give you a specific example, in the Toronto office there is one person who has 10 president's clubs. He makes a lot of money and his manager and his manager's manager are as expected totally aligned. He is a good rep. However, so are others on the team. However since he has always had the best territory the makes club every single year. Its ridiculous. If you've been in sales for a while, and comes across an environment where ONE person has made club 10 times and every one else has made club 1-2 times in the last 10 years, what would you conclude. The territories are uneven. The management is inept. For example this is the first company that I've come across where the Sales Manager's quota is not aligned with the team. For example in a team of 10 sales reps which a quota of $1M each, the manager doesnt have a $10M quota. His/her quota is way less than that. So even if the team misses their #, the manager makes his/her #. I had never seen that in my sales career. So to get promoted to a manager's role, you need to be connected to the right people. Be very careful in joining this company. For Sales its not as advertised. For other roles it might be different."
510,"Career progression and salary increases are 100% related to the personal brand and not to quantifiable results, this leads people to abuse of the internal social networking platform and any other brown nosing opportunity for self promotion. This may be a plus if you have that attitude, otherwise you will find it frustrating. Due to this, management is represented by some excellent managers and others who are not but have been good in leveraging the above. Salesforce as a family: you are expected to be enthusiastic, participate and promote all sort of social events they serve you. Opting out of something you are not interested in lowers your personal brand. Work-life balance is hard: stressful days masked by great fun on social media, work in the weekend is not uncommon."
512,"None, this is a great role"
513,At times it is too fast paced and lack clarity
520,"We are going through crazy growth in all locations and especially, Hyderabad, where will be growing from 1100 to about 3000 by 2020. Need to focus on infrastructure needs like seating etc. However, ""Growth"" is a nice problem to solve!"
521,Exposure to other Technologies is poor
524,- Could be greater transparency
527,"There are plenty of politics surrounding promotions and territories. It's not what you know, but who you know and party with. In general my coworkers were bright people. I met some of my best friends there. Working along side smart, motivated people kept me sharp, but there were also people dumb as rocks. Because it's such a large sales group some bright ones never got to shine and some rocks never got exposed and are still there after many many years."
539,"I couldn't really think of any. Of course, there are always challenges in your daily work, but you have a lot of resources and support to overcome those. From that perspective, I couldn't think really of kontras at the moment."
540,"With great benefit, comes great expectation. The targets are always increasing, while territory sizes are decreasing - although with the growing arsenal of products to sell (through innovation and acquisition) there is always plenty of opportunity."
552,Career progression paths can be unclear
555,"Despite not wanting to acknowledge this fact, Salesforce is an incredibly political company to progress in. There is a heavy process around advancement, the main activity being developing your own brand. This involves gaining sponsors at various levels and promoting yourself (sometimes unashamedly) heavily throughout the business. This 'brand campaigning' is by definition political. It is also biased towards those that have the time to commit to it. It is largely dependant on a full and present management chain and those who are actually fully active making a difference at their customers, or who are under resourced and performing multiple roles to serve their customer, do not get the chance to 'seize the opportunity that Salesforce states that it presents. The result is that the talent in the business feel undervalued and the promotions go to the people who have shouted the loudest. It is a real shame, Salesforce isn't the company that I wanted it to be."
582,"It is a fast growing, large company with a complex org structure. Navigating the right teams and people takes time, but everyone is willing to help you."
600,Extremely unrealistic targets. High pressure on 30% YOY growth. 95% of AEs don´t hit monthly targets which creates a lot of low morale across the board. A lot of politics; you must shmooze the right Senior Managers to get anywhere. A lot of arrogance as well by certain Directors/RVPs who won´t give people who don´t play the game the time of day. The culture has been highly tailored and well thought out to retain staff - if you enjoy cheesey happy clappy culture with no thought as to the reason behind it then you´ll enjoy it! Base salary is well below market rate.
612,"- Despite what is promised repeatedly, there is no real possibility to change department when you're in a career path, especially in sales. - Very high pressure and targets in Sales - CONSTANTLY monitored: Salesforce is the leader in cloud CRM and knows very well how to use its tools to control its employees every single activity and everyday actions, can be quite annoying at times - Uneven between markets: mature markets have a very easy life compared to less matured markets (in monthly targets, promotion criteria, visibility within company, etc.)"
618,super high paced organisation with massive growth number
619,"It is a very serious job, you have to really embrace it and be prepared to be thoroughly tested. Don't be lulled into a false sense of comfort by the West Coast vibe - sure, there are massive upsides from the amazing culture (especially 'Trust""), but they don't just give jobs away. Decide first: I am going to fully embrace the Salesforce world, if you do, you will find this the most amazing, satisfying company on the planet.to work for."
627,"The job itself can be quite repetitive and not that challenging at times and there seems to be little exposure to other teams, meaning it might be more difficult to develop and move around within the company. Training is very weak - Much of the job involves on-the-job learning. Marketing Cloud exists because SF bought out Exact Target. There seems to be a divide between Marketing Cloud and the rest of the business business, meaning less integration with other areas of the business, but this slowly seems to be aligning. Furthermore. the majority of the MC team are based in the US, which means working together often. Although, this isn't an issue, it feels as the UK team are in the US team's shadow."
629,"- Anyone can only select if you have any referral candidates from internal employees within the team. Example - there are 4 interviewers in DB team Singapore. First round will be done by the lead which is real and logical interview and the second round will be taken by any of the senior member in the team. You will able to shortlist the second round only if you know anyone within that team else they will simply reject you in second round. For example, if person A refer someone and if he rejected in first round then whoever attend the interview on second round either one in the team will reject you This is happening for past more than a year"
632,"Political, onboarding(first 12 months) are hard, more corporate than they say, not for everyone (you really need to be able and willing to keep changing in your role, in teams and opportunities are fast paced)"
634,The UK SE management team are experts in killing talents and disregarding industry experience. Every SE manager has been given a quota to hire and promote certain number of women and young people and they are so single minded that they completely brush aside some of their top talents . Their strategic & top SEs are the most unsung heroes and instead everyone keep singing the praise of the grads which is such a short sighted view and in a long run they are going to lose their top performers .
641,Struggling to scale and keep culture
649,If you come from a development background and expecting to further your technical skills - this is not the place for you. You will notice a dip if you don't keep on top of the tech world outside work This is just the nature of the business
650,"While working at salesforce, I got the sense that management knows the right thing to say, but ultimately doesn't act in a way that's consistent with their message. For example, there's a huge emphasis on employee growth but it seems more attention is spent retaining ""old guard"" than giving other staff opportunities to grow. And despite appearing on ""best employers"" lists, the hours are pretty hard and the equity package (RSUs/options) is one of the worst in the Valley."
654,Opportunities for advancement outside of sales were limited
671,Still very focused on the numbers
672,"Worst company I have ever worked for. Worst managers ever, heartless and ruthless. If your stats are fine all is good with the world but may god help you if you go below threshold. And if they don't like you it won't even matter, simple as that. A few exceptions aside a fine team motto would have been ""every man for himself"" This is a good environment nonetheless for anybody into deceit, grovelling and all things fake, if that is the case let me assure you will have a wonderful time."
684,- Stressful targets (as any sales environment) - Sometimes gets very very challenging - Some managers can be really pain in the neck - Your image makes a strong impression on your next step
685,"At this moment I honestly cannot think of any legitimate cons to working for Salesforce. Any company will have unique challenges which will require adjustment on the part of staff, and Salesforce is no different. That isn't a con, but merely reality."
691,"At Salesforce everybody should be able to sell. Under a relative strong sale pressure ambiance, you need to accept to live with daily uncertainty and the discomfort of not having complete information, easy answers or obvious solutions."
700,"Further up the EMEA org the Ohana culture does seem to be getting ""thinner"" and is more of a word than a genuine way of working. Especially in the enterprise sales organisation there can be some ""prima-donna"" behaviour - seems there are some top sales people in leadership positions based on their sales skills rather than their leadership skills."
710,Minimal investment in China hence low growth opportunity
713,"Lack of consistent strategy in APAC Heavy workload, limited support Lack of career progress"
718,The reality of frequent late night+weekend work doesn’t match the promises of work/life balance
729,"The first couple of months is very focused on ramping up to the demands of the job - luckily, you will always be paired with a mentor who will help you with this change."
730,"Culture is dependent on all levels, make sure the person you report to walks the walk"
732,"Talent bar can be a little low. A lot of barriers to productivity, particularly the strength of their QE force."
736,"The pace is very fast. There is a lot of travel and sometimes little guidance, Salesforce hires smart people and expects them to dive in the deep end and not only to swim..but to win the race and to coach the rest of the pack while doing it. I wouldn't necessarily classify this as a con personally though - I like the moving fast, and learning and innovating on a daily basis."
739,"It's constantly changing, which in my mind is important to stay fresh and relevant. It can sometimes be a challenge though."
746,"Almost the same as the ""pros"". Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour."
750,The new markets and products they know nothing about have just as high of expectations as their easy well established ones.
754,"Fast moving culture, new hires may be lost in the wave if not properly inducted. Also, remote workers may face the challenge where they may not be able to keep up with the pace."
755,"The company is growing very rapidly, still because of the management issue employees has to suffer"
756,Too much focus on numbers and volume of activites rather than individual project
758,"Haven't come across any negatives thus far. Seems like the they've done a terrific job of laying the foundation for a healthy and supportive, although competitive, working environment."
759,"A bit of a pressure cooker when it comes to consistent performance. Can be quite tiring to have growing targets, reductive territories and some challenging personalities in the organisation."
769,- Stressful targets (as any sales environment) - Sometimes gets very very challenging - Some managers can be really pain in the neck - Your image makes a strong impression on your next step
771,"There seems not enough path to change role. Also, in branches, sales members are treated like a king and less attention for back office employees"
773,This is a chaotic place to work at best. This chaos gives you opportunity but you are also sometimes on your own to sink or swim. Go there if only you are ready.
776,"Regional Stereotypes, newly acquired divisions suffer from disorganized leadership, pay and benefit disparity and goals set well beyond the scope of reality"
793,"lean enterprise, lot of presure"
795,"- Meaningless promotions where only titles change - Lack of career advancement opportunities - Low pay relative to Indianapolis office, even though cost of living is higher - Inexperienced local leaders report to faraway Directors and VPs - Leadership is unaware of employee talent - Definitely an old boys club"
797,It's grown very big and as a result there are some space challenges which get annoying at times. Otherwise it's all excellent.
802,Growing at a very fast rate constant change Can be pressurised
803,High target and very high pressure of results
806,The pace at Salesforce is incredible. Employees need to be able to embrace change and take personal responsibility for their work/life balance.
807,Oracle managers change culture growth is danger to culture
810,"Sales targets can quite aggressive and hard to hit. Nonetheless, the sales training and processes are very good."
816,more of a bpo culture too much pressure
818,"In an ever changing and dynamic environment, it's key that you make an effort for a good work/like balance."
824,"Many employees are treated really bad and are forced to go to court Most Managers have their favourites and assign strong territories to them HR is always takes the Managers side if things turn against you The pressure is very high and if you do't perform for a while they try to get rid of you quick Year over year things get worse...the Aloha spirit is gone, great people are leaving"
834,"-Politics: If you are best friends with the Manager or in his circle of friends you will be treated like royalty. If you are not, well then you are just another soldier fighting the good fight and starving"
835,"Company is growing rapidly, so culture could start to trend towards that 'large enterprise' feel."
844,It is sometimes difficile to keep it’s private life alive. There is always pressure and need to be at 100%.
853,Salesforce is a very US (San Francisco) centric company. There is limited autonomy to make decisions in the country branches.
856,"Pressured environment and demanding targets Expectation to ""fit in"" with the company culture which although positive may not suit everyone Having remote bosses means your needs can get ignored"
861,"Regional operation is under control the HQ, so sometimes there is a difficult and unmatched direction to achieve KPI for local employees."
868,New Culture change creeping with new managers trying to make their mark Obsessive on individual metrics Intense - sometimes in the wrong way No local autonomy Sales company throughout - impacts other roles Sales or others quick to push people under the bus Political - especially on any interaction with Sales Big company feel now Slowing opportunities
871,"Marketing driven, lacks maturity especially when trying to earn trusted advisor status with large prospects"
875,"ORACLE 2.0 -This terminology has been tossed around a lot thorough out these reviews. I view the Oracle effect on Salesforce through the following: 1) Middle Management -This is probably the worst part of Salesforce. These ""managers"" have been placed into these positions as the company grew too quickly. Salesforce will take Account Executives and place them into management positions without previous coaching/mentor experience -As a result, many (not all) of these managers will bastardize AEs. They are very quick to through AEs under the bus to save their image. -These managers have no skills at coaching, helping, or mentoring. -I have personally been involved in one-on-one meetings where I have experienced a manager insulting myself and my work. I have witnessed AEs quit after one-on-one meetings as their manager pushed them beyond limits. -I have also witnessed managers insult clients. If the client ""pushes a deal"" outside of the month it is forecasted, managers will become overly aggressive with the client to pull it back. Sometimes this tactic works, but it upsets the client and destroys future relationships. -Middle management will pick their favourite AEs and provide everything possible to ensure their success. 1.5, 2, 3x territories. Providing the best territories to their favourites. -I left Salesforce as my manager was insulting, rude, aggressive, upsetting to clients, and deceiving. They were not a coach, mentor, or visionary. 2) Territory Management -As stated in the Middle Management section, some AEs will get 1.5, 2, or 3x the territories -Management will tell you that each territory is cut evenly (laughable). So if an individual has 2x territories, they should have enough business to close 2x monthly quota -Even though these lucky AEs have double the territories, your monthly quota is equal to theirs -If these lucky individuals sell 50% of plan in each territory (making up 100%) and you hit 98% of your plan, middle management will act like these individuals are the next Glengarry Glen Ross. Middle Management won't even give you a pat on the back. -It is unfortunate to witness some individuals burn out quickly because they have to work 10x harder in a single territory as others have 2 or 3x territories with the same quota. 3) Transformation of the AE Role -When I first started, AEs were viewed as ""consultants"" with your clients. Your objective was to thoroughly work with your clients to uncover opportunities, manage the projects, and develop thorough business cases. Most importantly, we were to know our clients' business inside and out. -The AE role has now changed into a business development rep. -Middle management will have you call blitz your clients (which they clients get annoyed with), try to identify an opportunity, then pass it to a co-prime (Pardot, Data.com, Service Cloud, Desk). -The AE no longer works throughout the sales cycle. Management seeks to make the AE role into a transactional based environment -This is upsetting to anyone who enjoys relationship selling. -Many clients are becoming annoyed with the various AEs and Co-Primes continually connecting with them. 4) Quick Wins Now vs. Strategic Larger Deals -Management is so focused on monthly quotas that they will push AEs and clients into decisions before the sales cycle is complete -This could negate larger strategic deals as the client gets a ""band-aid"" fix."
877,Sometimes combines disadvantages of a start-up with the disadvantages of a huge corporation. Slowly loosing the initial vibe and culture.
882,Culture in the Netherlands. fast growth in people with different backgrounds and culture is hard to create an local culture.
884,Too fast paced work life balance can be tricky High pressure constantly changing environment
894,If you come from a development background and expecting to further your technical skills - this is not the place for you. You will notice a dip if you don't keep on top of the tech world outside work This is just the nature of the business
907,"Management come from the larger company, but these companies don't grow. They don't have a management experience of growing company."
910,1 Leadership in India is in a flux 2 High attrition 3 People are not valued
911,- Lack of management - Lack of leadership - Poor onboarding process - Success only measured and valued by money
916,Very large organization.. needs to be more nimble
918,"Almost the same as the ""pros"". Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour."
926,Work politics can impact the job at times. Continuing a start up mentality when the business is growing and needs to be adaptable
941,"Salesforce falls short in how they treat their G&A teams. Succeeding in G&A is not based on skills, qualifications, or ability. As a qualifier, I am not saying this out of spite for being passed over for a promotion or a raise, as I have not even tried for those opportunities yet, this is based on the observations I have of other people in the workforce. First issue, G&A treats those in the main offices much better than they do some of the smaller offices. There truly is a disparate treatment between those in main hubs and those in smaller offices. If you are not located in a main hub, regardless of if the position needs to be at one of the hubs, you have a nearly 0% chance of being given the same opportunities as those in the main hubs. They will not look at what you have accomplished nor will they recognize the value you provide to the company. They will promote from the main hubs or place people in positions that are in the main hubs without even considering other employees across the country. The other key to being given opportunities in the G&A functions is to campaign for the position. Even if you are not the most qualified, if you can make people think you are, Salesforce G&A leadership will not even do interviews to determine who is best for the job. They will wave their little magical wand and poof, the person who has less skills and abilities, but who knew who to align themselves with and convince they are better than everyone else will get moved into positions of authority. If you are a person who does not mind being dishonest, immoral, and you are willing to put down and crush those around you, apply for a G&A function in one of the main Salesforce offices around the country, you will move up quickly and never have to worry about actually knowing your stuff before you are promoted. You may not even need to wait for a position to open up, they may just create a brand new position for you. If you are a great worker who does not like to step all over other people to move up or if you are not in one of the main offices this is not the place for you. They will not even listen to your qualifications skills or abilities when positions open up."
942,"Always connected means always on - must personally manage to have balance Extremely fast-paced environment feels ""start-up"" like but lack of standardization and process maturity can be counterproductive in a large organization (ironically should drink own Kool-Aid) Too much time spent 'figuring it out'"
944,"- Everyone works HARD and FAST. People looking to work the system won't last long. Not for everyone. - It's different in every group, but in my group WFH is not really an option, except 1 day a week (which is ""no meeting Thursdays""). - Srini (under Parker Harris) isn't much of an inspiring leader, and I don't agree with all of his decisions. That's about it."
945,"Not for everyone. The ramp-up process is very rigorous, with required certifications and specific learning tracks. The role may be a struggle for those whose prior SE experience was deep on a technology and focused on features/functions rather than business impact."
947,"If you are looking to coast this is not the place. They demand passion, energy, and helping all colleagues to achieve a customer focused company. If you the type of person who has said ""that is not my job"" then you will not fit the culture. Everyone at Salesforce is like a big family and you must contribute."
957,Can be very San Francisco centric Adherence to corporate values diminishes the closer you get to the top
962,As the company grows its sometimes harder to navigate the different teams whose efforts may overlap. Priorities are constantly shifting-you need to be agile and not afraid of change.
985,"- Majority don't truly care - Too much emphasis on process that it becomes an overhead for those who want to get the job done - No sense of loyalty or mechanism in place for career development, you are on your own - A lot of it is show business - very poor management"
987,Lack of diversity Women in Leadership
992,It moves fast and there's a lot to learn...but if you enjoy learning this isn't a con.
996,"High performance, high intensity organization requires a full commitment of time and energy"
1016,"The company took many acquisitions, which leads to a geographically scattered team. Sometimes the remote collaboration is painful."
1026,"Can be stressful, shrinking territories, which is only to be expected in a growing company"
1035,typical....really cool company gets really big and loses a little bit of its edge.
1038,The culture is becoming Oracle. The original salesforce culture is gone. Very political. Too much time spent managing perception and not enough serving the customer.
1040,"- Everything is centered around keeping Individual Contributors happy, but Managers & above do not get the same treatment - Politics are awful among those wrangling for influence & looking to climb - Top-down decisions are pushed onto managers and teams - Too many meetings - Unproductive build environment for thousands of engineers, and forced use of homegrown tools & technologies that are inferior to commercial & open source ones It's a HUGE company with different subcultures in different divisions, this just describes one."
1053,"Lots of change during times of massive growth can be challenging, lack of exposure of senior management to customers."
1064,"The culture has significantly changed. A year ago I was proud and excited to be a part of the company. The Lightning release was a shining moment for how the company's culture can facilitate great things. However, there have been a number of changes over the last year that have slowly eroded the magic - starting with some of the new leadership. Our group has become more fragmented and less collaborative. There's more fear of making mistakes and the general sense of trust and support for our work from our leadership has gone way down. The transparency and access we had upwards is becoming more hazy largely because of layers being added. My autonomy and empowerment to make decisions is slipping away. Politics were always there, but now they're something you have to consider daily. You used to be judged based on the work you created and what you shipped, it doesn't feel that way anymore. Some of my favorite people have already moved on. Perhaps it's just the nature of a company growing this fast. There's not a clear avenue for safely giving upwards feedback for our group. My hope is that someone up top takes notice and makes corrections."
1078,"High pressure environment, can be hard to get things done fast in complex org, can be political"
1086,"-Can be a struggle depending on the group you support, you are either really busy or its super slow."
1089,"diversity? what diversity? White men and white people everywhere once the rose colored glasses come off, one has to decide whether I'll stay or I'll go"
1091,"It's probably impossible to keep up with everything going on, and although it's possible, it's hard to figure out how to keep up with what you want to, like your areas of interest and work. But there is the opportunity to through communication, videos, meetings, etc, to keep up with whatever you want."
1093,Sometimes feels like loosely organized chaos
1099,The company is growing very quickly and that creates some challenges - but those challenges also provide opportunities for growth.
1103,Will have to try very hard to gain visibility . You may easily get very distracted in other activities apart from work. The charm of the city is also very distracting sometimes.
1112,"- The only constant is change, you have to stay nimble."
1113,Super political. Culture used to be high in accountability and collaboration. Now it is very competitive and dysfunctional. Leaders spend a lot of their time trying to take down their peers.
1120,"Dependency management and integrated planning is cumbersome and just plain hard in a distributed agile environment. We don't focus enough energy on making sure we do it right. Growing so fast, it is hard to keep the culture where we want it."
1129,Annual Musical Chairs doesn't help AEs who want to develop long term relationships Unrealistic Quota Goals set across the board regardless of past territory performance
1136,Does not provide enough support with on boarding / training.
1138,"As a big company, it can be hard to get visibility cross-functionally. This is the first ""big-ish"" company that I have worked for and it is interesting to see how compartmentalized we can get. I don't frequently know or understand what is happening in other departments, and I don't get as much insight into that as I'd like to."
1141,All IT is centralized in SFO region. If you want career growth then you have to move to SF region.
1143,"sometimes difficult to communicate with people from other locations on your team (HQ, Japan, Europe, etc.) but this is to be expected in any large corporation."
1145,"Depending on who your hiring manager is and how he likes you determines your success or failure. I have seen a lot of unfair treatment, people pushed out the org and a lot of people coming getting hired and promoted that made little to no sense. If you are not the person that likes to play up popularity and politics and just focus on YOUR JOB.... This place isn't for you. Also, if you are customer focused some of the protocol within the organization makes it extremely difficult to build a long term relationship and do what is right for the customer. Customers are spending more money and contracts are growing to the point they can not afford them. There's little you can do to help customers you have relationships with in a bind which frustrates lots of customers. Spend more time in sales doing customer service than selling."
1146,"""Mean Girls"" environment. Super competitive for titles and promotions."
1163,You wont get exactly the start up culture some smaller companies have and as company grows so does the bureaucracy. The dynamic nature of the product makes it hard to focus on innovation rather than legacy and integration.
1168,"Need to like a fast pace of work, constant change, high level of travel, the company is continuing to mature, but there the growing pains can be tough"
1180,Lack of Inter-team communication and transparency
1189,"Has a lot more attitude, ego and greed than the outward facing benevolent front it publicly conveys. It's a hard driving, results oriented place that doesn't always put employees first. And it's gotten big, so be very careful about where you land and vet the people carefully; some are great, some are not."
1191,Things can be more political than they initially seemed. Opportunity to make an upward move are not clearly communicated. My group is not as flexible as most of the company/policies.
1195,"Not always easy to have a work life balance, although they encourage you to. Your internal social network is key to succeeding and moving up (this is a pro for some). If you can't cut it, they will cut you."
1205,"The team is growing fast, and who knows what will happen to the culture with such a massive growth. The founders are dedicated to keeping the culture, but somethings are simply out of ones control."
1211,have to be ready to work in a large corporation with many different players
1220,"There is a lot of movement, people do not stay in roles for a very long time"
1232,"-long turnaround for promotions, at times can be out of your control"
1248,- Very fast paced - Growing geographic footprint is hard to overcome during travel freezes
1251,"This can be a pro and a con, it is very young culture, the average age is 29."
1266,"Salesforce has aggressive growth targets, which are crucial to success and maintaining market leadership; however, management isn't properly equipped to handle the pressure from above and translate that message in a way that motivates employees."
1269,- Work life balance and treatment vary greatly by leader. - Politics are scarily prevalent - Lack of common courtesy and aggressiveness is the norm by some senior leaders - Known morale and personnel issues are not handled if the individual doing so is a demographic actively courted by the company and used in press releases
1270,"Management are given too much power to determine who will succeed and fail. Managers will choose favorites and provide them with 5x the amount of accounts (150-200), while others are given (20-35) and they fail. Timing, territory and talent (in that order) determine success, but I’ve watched too many qualified candidates be “coached out,” while managers can’t staff a full team. Also the pay is low compared to our competition."
1280,- Rapid growth brings forth concerns that the culture will change from being dynamic and exciting to becoming more regulated and corporate - May be too structured for some tastes - A lot of office politics involved with job advancement
1282,"They will work you to death, but they certainly compensate you for it. Pockets of very aggressive and non collaborative people in senior level positions."
1288,"if you are a self starter then you'll love this self service environment. if you need your hand held, then look elsewhere."
1291,"Hard to think of a con....... More of a concern: as Salesforce continues to grow, will it be able to keep it's focus on the customer and maintain it's amazing culture"
1293,Decision makers within organization are not always clear
1295,* Can be hard to navigate and find out who to talk to * Management can be difficult to reach
1307,"It is so disciplined that it is difficult to find time for brain storming, need to keep everything predictable and get results, little research investment."
1313,"Salesforce allows people to manage that have no previous management experience therefore do not know how to coach and help team members advance in their own careers. When an associate isn't a good fit for a role or team based on how biased they feel in a group of ""bros"" (manager included), there needs to be a better avenue for letting said associate explore other opportunities within the organization instead of immediately being fired without a good reason."
1316,It can be difficult negotiating raises.
1318,"The fast paced environment and obsession with quality maybe unsettling initially. But once you get used to it, you will echo the same sentiments."
1320,can be too comfortable at some point
1321,Have not experienced a con yet.
1329,"It's extremely fast paced so be prepared to train and work from day one. However, I will say the resources are available to succeed. Just be ready for the challenge."
1332,Advancement opportunities are limited in some areas.
1343,"Not a lot of clarity in career development in some roles, which can be an opportunity to define your own path within the company, but also a curse for those who don't know how to navigate their career development"
1344,-Direction can change on a moments notice
1351,Not clear what future opportunities exist at the company.
1356,"The organization is huge, which makes it hard to meet everyone !"
1359,"Constant restructuring, would need a high level of discipline to take charge of your career, easy to get lost and get silo-ed. Different orgs rarely interact with each other"
1362,Like any large organization it has some challenges. The pace of change if fast.
1363,I haven't experience any negatives thus far.
1380,Things move at a face pace. It's not for everyone but I find it to be a lot of fun
1399,Less of a Con and more of a challenge to be aware of: You will have lots to learn--even if you previously worked in the Salesforce ecosystem!
1406,"Always connected means always on - must personally manage to have balance Extremely fast-paced environment feels ""start-up"" like but lack of standardization and process maturity can be counterproductive in a large organization (ironically should drink own Kool-Aid) Too much time spent 'figuring it out'"
1424,With growth comes challenges - Core teams can be somewhat myopic at times when looking outside the more typical applications and customer pain. The path to competence can be painful - not because the documentation isn't there - but because there is so much to learn and more is available daily. I can see that real competence will develop closer to a year (or more) out. You have to have the intestinal fortitude to get through that.
1437,- Rapid growth and change has blurred career path - Most opportunity is in San Francisco; Need more opportunity outside to reflect a global company - Growth has challenged culture
1451,"If you're not willing to work hard in a fast paced environment, this is not the place for you."
1453,- Must be okay with being metrics driven.
1465,"Sometimes, there can be some politics and with its rapidly growing pace, there can be challenges with that growth. Change is a constant, which means you have to constantly adapt."
1467,Being remote it can sometimes be difficult to feel like I am ramping at an appropriate pace but this is the nature of being remote. Too many meetings
1468,"if you are a self starter then you'll love this self service environment. if you need your hand held, then look elsewhere."
1473,"Popularity matters for promotions. All people I see getting promoted are great at what they do, but a lot of people who are great at what they do don't get promoted."
1476,"navigation through the organization chain, little or less clarity on what is going on at higher level."
1484,Harder to build relationships with your team since you won't see them face to face as much. Everyone can work from home. So many resources and tools you need to learn from. It could be confusing at first.
1486,"If you are looking to coast this is not the place. They demand passion, energy, and helping all colleagues to achieve a customer focused company. If you the type of person who has said ""that is not my job"" then you will not fit the culture. Everyone at Salesforce is like a big family and you must contribute."
1502,Finding the right managers and mentors is critical to finding rewarding opportunities to grow. It is important that you always be looking for new opportunities. Staying in one position for too long may get you typecast as a professional that can't grow or go in new directions.
1507,Salesforce is growing at an astounding rate and the challenge is to keep its character intact.
1532,Being remote it can sometimes be difficult to feel like I am ramping at an appropriate pace but this is the nature of being remote. Too many meetings
1533,"The company is way too big. Teams don't collaborate. Leadership promotes their friends. Old technology stack. Product is not innovating. Way too many acquisitions, we can't keep up."
1543,"This is not the place for people who are not willing to work hard and with full commitment and enthusiasm. Sometimes keeping the work/life balance is a bit hard, but management is fully supporting in trying to get it right"
1555,You have to be loud to be recognized.
1556,"In my case, I was working almost 4 years for this company and I resigned because I was suffering from Workplace Harassment from part of my manager with the fact of employees' success wasn't able to resolve an internal conflict and finally you finish resigning. I think it one of the principal disadvantages, some managers are not prepared to be managers and they're promoted only because they had a couple of years working in the company. Also in the interviews, they promise that you will work with the latest technologies in the market but in the case of my position I never touched Kubernetes, and SRE is only limited to monitor PagerDuty alerts and NewRelic boards."
1577,"Fast moving in business and product, which can cause stress at times"
1578,"Big company,Work time is long"
1580,"No job security, politics, and culture has been diluted!"
1597,not sure higher management lives those values and forget the Ohana in tough times.
1602,lots of info / noise hard to manage sometimes but all good
1603,"- The Ohana culture is just for show to public especially in the Singapore office. - Management focus is only on short term sales result, doesn’t care about customer success. - Need politics to get ahead. Need to be close to the inner circle of power. - Managers are not leaders, finger pointing culture, micromanagement, inability to retain good talents and humiliation of AEs in public forums."
1610,"It's challenging to keep up with the pace of change, and also career direction is often outside your control"
1625,Post Covid's new Normal is a big challenge. How will Salesforce address this challenge and exit at top level.
1627,It's becoming more of a support role
1630,"It is now becoming a profit centered company, losing a lot of ohana values"
1638,lots of info / noise hard to manage sometimes but all good
1640,"- Its all about territory and timing. Everyone says it... except for management. In 2019, only two AE's hit their number. Everyone else told and I quote ""either not up to it or not working hard enough"". The third alternative being the model isn't set up right and they have over hired AE's, but leadership tone deaf to that alternative. - Not a place to earn money as an AE unless you get one of the performing territories - There is no in country marketing resources leaning on reps to run events and drive awareness - Product over priced and NZ leadership team not armed with the ammunition to compete against Hubspot who were doing ""COVID"" deals and giving 90% off in first year - Career progression limited - Brain washing is real - New rep measures are always being introduced and feels like big brother is always watching - no consistency and the line is always moving/complicated. In the end you give up caring and focus on the old tried and tested (pipegen + closed ACV)."
1643,No clear growth path and development opportunities.
1645,You need to constantly promote yourself and sell yourself to get ahead. Management can be very hung up on the number. Messy process.
1660,Dynamic culture can be somehow overwhelming to certain Europeans
1667,Competitive atmosphere and little advice from above
1671,"- Some of the co-prime sales teams are dominated by white people or those from USA, France or Australia. It does not make sense to do this in the Asia HQ. We need more Asian customer-facing employees who truly understand cultural nuances, local language and way of speaking. - Marketing could be much better when it comes to lead generation and content creation."
1675,"The IT security department is highly political and externally hard to make any meaningful change. Senior leaders are there to protect themselves and have stopped focusing on helping the company or it’s customers as a whole. Senior leaders to often dictate the way something should be with very little interest in others views. Sadly departments have been siloed and are often forced to compete with each other instead of collaborating together. No matter what is said, Salesforce does very poorly when it comes to supporting remote offices. If you aren’t working at one of their major hubs on the West coast of the US, then expect very little support or compassion when it comes to working in a remote office, or a non-HQ timezone."
1678,"Bad leadership: - 1st hand observation: Current country lead for 1 of the emerging country in ASEAN is doing poor job in inspiring and bringing the team together. I have been joining the weekly call for some time and felt that he could not earn the respect from his own team member. Failed to retain talents and deliver number for 2 consecutive quarters. So far none of his inputs had been making sense to me. - 2nd hand observation: He creates toxic environments to the team and practice poor communication skills to the team with dictatorial leadership style, leaving most team member frustrated and demotivated. He would put his subordinates on the spot during team meeting and would say unnecessary comments questions during 1:1. Company need to be more transparent in terms of the approach for the country model strategy because it puts us on so much uncertainties."
1681,"- Short term focus on ACV vs. long term customer success - No real planning - Management spends more time managing up than supporting - undermanned in key areas, overmanned in AE's (therefore smaller + capped territories) - Real change is needed - Too much admin/training etc"
1687,"- The Ohana culture is just for show to public especially in the Singapore office. - Management focus is only on short term sales result, doesn’t care about customer success. - Need politics to get ahead. Need to be close to the inner circle of power. - Managers are not leaders, finger pointing culture, micromanagement, inability to retain good talents and humiliation of AEs in public forums."
1696,Too corporate for my own good
1705,Too much different focus = no focus. Micro control
1706,- you live and die by your territory and AE’s - management does not take this into consideration
1710,"JP office is extremely domestic, and does not have the drive, momentum or speed which other international tech firms or a typical foreign sub company has as a working culture. Since the majority of the people in the back office has been working here for a very long time (which is a good thing in one way), many of them are not use to changes - rather prefer to stick to the norm. Ohana is one of the key culture (which is a great conceptually) in Salesforce. But in JP back office, this is recognized in a different/miss leading manner. More specifically, it's been recognized as ""protection"", rather than supporting and challenging each other for growth. This shows up as lack of ownership, professionalism and extremely conservative working style/attitude. If you try to challenge someone, you're taken in a different way. Since there's really no culture of challenging each other, it's taken very offensively --- that's still fine but the most shocking part is, senior management doesn't notice or understand anymore of the benefits of growth via challenges and constructive communication. This is one of the most disappointing aspects of this office where it doesn't show to the outer world --- I have seen another review saying ""a master of disguise"" and completely understand what it means. When joining, do not expect a high paced, competitive working style lead by professionals with strong ownership --- but rather expect a conservative environment, hence for those who are looking for growth via challenges, constructive communication and data driven decision makings, this may not be the best place for you. Money is good, but growth wise, not able to recommend."
1744,Slim looking org charts does not provide enough opportunity
1750,High growth environment is always changing
1754,Manager does not possess good leadership skill and show zero empathy towards team members.
1760,"But thats it basically. There is no challenge, no interest in the real employee, plan are for really long term, your influence as individual is very limited. You will get bored very quickly. There are many high ranked colleagues that practically work 30% of the time. This is just not for someone who wants to grow and DO."
1764,Culture can be overwhelming at times
1777,"- Large culture can feel overwhelming and be difficult to find a niche - Competitive, whether it be for internal transition or getting a spot on a deliver team"
1781,"OTE is not that competitive compared to other tech companies Employee well-being initiatives and company values such as trust and customer success sound great but are not really being practiced Assess your potential direct manager because they can make or break your experience at the company. Ex: sales people who became direct managers and are not great people managers, and direct managers who do not have sales experience and are out of touch with reality."
1790,"If you don't like constant change, you'll hate Salesforce. If you say ""yes"" to everything you'll fail. You need laser focus here. High pressure environment with a few sharks on the prowl."
1803,"Success completely depends on territory and timing. You'll be assigned an install base which is where most reps get their ACV from (this is why Salesforce acquires so much tech so they can keep customers within their ecosystem and sell them new products). If you don't have an install that is ready to buy this will impact your overall performance. Flips and inbounds will also play a big factor, depending which market you're in will ultimately determine your end results. Anyone outside of Sydney or Melbourne good luck! Also ensure that you have solid relationships with management, like most big companies there is some unconscious levels of favoritism."
1804,Little efforts on team culture
1814,- lack of guidance from leadership - stressful - ceiling to being promoted - sit and do mentality with a focus on delivering more and more value without fair expectations
1823,some politics across regions and customers exists and should be resolved sooner rather than later
1825,The support work environment for EMEA people is really bad
1828,"Company still evolving in different countries and creating their future structure, therefore you can find some decompensated situations between executives."
1833,Has turned a bit political particularly at regional level
1839,"Don't take the offer if you are hired for CSG. If they put you in night shift ,then you have to suffer in the night shift continuously for the whole tenure in salesforce. CSAT harassment"
1847,Highly aggressive work environment at times
1869,"-time in role is too long to get to AE once you are eligible -certain KPIs out of your control that you need to hit to promote -when you promote internally a lot more is expected of you in the eligibility and interview process than people moving externally into the business ""personal brand"" etc even though you could be a top performer"
1870,Older colleagues are not open to new ideas and learning. terrible mindset
1882,Fast paced culture can be stressful
1887,Lots to learn can be overwhelming in the beginning with training and due to large size of company seem a bit chaotic but they are constantly improving and you have a great support system.
1900,"Your manager will be giving you pressure by doing regular nit-picking instead of giving feedback in a proper way. Folks with higher designation are always preferred, and they can give any feedback of yours that they want. If you are stuck somewhere in work, then you cannot reach out to other teammates for guidance as they if you reach out to them they will give a negative feedback of yours. Manager doesn't discern between those feedbacks and strongly believes in them as they are given by senior folks. For the sake of promotion, you will be given lots of work in a very tight deadline and you will never be appreciated for what you have done."
1901,Lack of transparency in career progression and promotion
1907,Very US centric company. Limited career development opportunities outside the US for people in technical roles.
1909,Need to carve your own career path as you may get lost in the crowd
1929,"High growth! And constant change - if this is not something you thrive with, Salesforce is not for you. Fast paced - half a decade of double digit growth is tough to do. Big company red tape and politics."
1938,too much focus on equality
1946,"However, the recent years' experience was more like a 2-3 star company. The culture is definitely not the same anymore. All the decisions are top-down. Some of the leaders don't even have domain knowledge. The culture became very political. Promotions were very unfairly done. No career band framework at all. People being overworked and dragged into political plays. You can't be your authentic self anymore, but have to wear a mask to work everyday coz your boss need you to be 'perfect'."
1949,Slim looking org charts does not provide enough opportunity
1954,As the company grows territories get smaller and are not always carved equally
1956,"There is ALOT of training that occurs through Trailhead, majority of which isn't specifically focused on the job at hand"
1964,-Sometimes you feel like a small cog in a big machine -Can be difficult to achieve sales targets depending on role. -Complex portfolio which can take time to get comfortable in understanding -Be prepared to dedicate 6-12 months in enabling yourself to be effective in your role. There is a lot to learn in SF.
1968,"Fast path environment. Change is the only constant. Not necessarily a bad thing, as the product is always evolving and you need to be on top of the changes, but can be exhausting."
1974,Can be political to get promoted
1978,"Experience might differ between teams, depending on managers. As the company grows bigger, it's more difficult to maintain the same great culture among the people. Direction from HQ in the US is often irrelevant to the current situation in Asia"
1987,Constant change at high pace is a constant drain on your energy. It requires tenacity day-to-day and overtime more often than not.
2000,"Becoming Oracle II. Impossible tiny territories with big targets for Account Execs so revolving door of top reps coming and going once they understand the harsh reality and the expectation that only 1 in 5 people make their number annually. Growth thanks to acquisitions so if you want to join, make sure to join one of these organisations and not the legacy or core organisation. Salesforce has grown into a value driven organisation; which means ""soft"" values like wellness, PTO and VTO... however as a leader, the values are revenue and ACV only so good luck balancing those two dimensions."
2025,"- Work culture is being poisoned by few personnel (managers), the way they lead the team, the way they expect their team to work (like in service based companies)."
2028,- Work Life Balance in order to hit quota - Only 20 percent of reps will hit their annual number - Territory shrinking and metrics staying the same
2039,Targets are very hard to reach Territories are getting smaller and smaller
2051,Lack of transparency in career progression and promotion
2052,Competitive environment. Need to work harder to get promoted.
2054,"Ohana culture is really fading away because ASEAN Sales management is so number-driven and sales-focused. Sales culture is pretty toxic where you are pushed for numbers on a weekly, daily basis. Micro-management exists under some management but feedback are not welcome because they always pushed things back as your own problems. Had several burnouts in a months and they make you feel like a bad salesperson and lower self-confidence. Everybody in sales is looking for new opportunities and turnover rate has been crazy because of recent management changes."
2060,Highly complex and matrixed organisation which can be difficult to navigate.
2066,Red tape and more cautious to action than some of the other tech companies.
2072,-Slow moving and not innovative enough -Stock growth not what it once was
2084,"lots of politics, lack of diversity"
2089,"- priorities and strategy can swing from one month to the next - due to size of organization, needs political savvy to navigate - rah rah culture which values self-promotion to get visibility needed for career advancement"
2090,Hard to get promoted. Leadership is hard to read.
2096,"However, a lack of 1-1 training and mentorship."
2117,Evolves Fast Takes time to change
2123,Sometimes I feel like upwards mobility isn’t there.
2129,"The Security organization (Security Assurance specifically) is going through an identity crisis with a hazy long term vision to support a changing engineering org. Without a clear vision and direction, the focus is on fire fighting and operational day-to-day tasks. The culture never recovered from the DefCon/Meat Pistol incident and leadership turnover. Lately, there seems to be high turnover in more senior Security Assurance engineers due to slowed career growth, increasing workload, and less competitive compensation."
2131,"MuleSoft can be a difficult team to hire for as they're extremely selective with who they bring on, so you must be able to push back on hiring teams to level set expectations."
2135,- Direction from a lot of different teams leads to a lot of chasing - Big company energy
2151,Lots and lots of stress Micromanagement environment You will feel drained as an SDR
2163,"1- I was surprised by how much politics are brought up, mentioned or discussed. It is very obvious the leadership has liberal/democratic believes and so do many of the employees. I personally like to avoid discussing politics so I find it really uncomfortable. 2- It’s such a big organization that it takes a while to understand how it is structured and your career path options. 3- The Management layer seems to be there to check a box and doesn’t seem to really be trained or given the tools to train and develop their team. I report to someone that does a different role than mine and every time I ask a question related to my role they refer me to a peer in my role cause they don’t know the answer."
2171,"maybe for some too americanized culture, see very friend-like, intimate manager relationships, in sales a bit contradictory culture at times: extra PTO while target remains the same"
2195,"-Hiring like crazy, ripping up and distributing territories unevenly -Same folk make all the money/tenured reps get the largest and best territories -Mgmt is somewhat out of touch with reality"
2203,NeedFaster cycle time and take more risks
2205,Equity could be better on a continual yearly basis. Management is focusing on the right things now
2221,Competitive roles create a competitive work environment Growing pains as business grows; systems and orgs take time to adjust Slight disconnect from management and leadership levels creates issues with top down designs and decisions.
2223,"its not for everyone, don't trust the culture"
2233,Stressful as you gotta keep up with ever changing technology and trends
2236,"- Growing pains - even at its current massive size, Salesforce is growing quickly. This can cause issues with resourcing, scale, etc. - Can feel like a ""cog in a machine"" - massive company, a corporate, not startup environment, with less intensity comes less growth"
2239,ambiguous lack of innovation focus leads to lack of clarity
2269,Be aggressive about your goals
2283,Not always aware of how to manage well.
2286,- Increasing growth of middle management and more executive leaders without clear roles/responsibilities. - Many teams do the same thing under different names. It's confusing how many teams you need to work with to get something simple accomplished. - Inconsistent leadership - some leaders focus more time on managing-up versus ensuring their people are successful. I've had amazing leaders and mentors but also horrible leaders who marginalize their people. - No clear path for IC career growth. Salesforce gets very political with people garnering for expanded responsibility and headcount - not focused on performance.
2292,Can sometimes be frustrating as you have no one specific to talk to at times on a day-to-day basis. You have to quickly find your cohorts who are in the same stage of your journey.
2293,"Since it is a bigger company now, there aren't major ways to get equity exposure other than the ESPP (which is still a solid way)"
2297,I've heard my experience on my team is not the same across the board. Company culture and support from leadership depends a lot on which team you're on.
2299,Sometimes gets stressful and it get hard
2303,"However, a lack of 1-1 training and mentorship."
2304,- Growing quickly and process/the ways we work are becoming more complex & slowing down
2306,-still a few rogue pms who don’t invest in design - big company and hard to work across cloud - lots of reactive shifts in priority & hard to execute against a moving target
2307,"Cliques, say one thing and do another, no career growth/development, ""positive"" culture except behind closed doors, not very innovative because there are too many layers of approval and yes people, very reactive versus strategic, the PMM org is really all about who you know and telling leadership what they want to hear (literally every quarter the great leader survey shows the disconnect between the worker bees and the leadership, but nothing changes even when they make you attend ""feel good"" meetings about wanting to hear what they can do differently). P.S. I'd recommend to a friend with strong caveats."
2320,"The cliques & “mean-girl” environment (regardless of gender), the ageism - disproportionately very few older employees, the barrage of acquisitions & length of time to absorb them, the hierarchical nature, keeping up with the historical double digit growth rate is continuously getting harder as the company has grown — the pressure to maintain this is very high & the burnout is real"
2322,"- upward mobility and interview process is political - salary is low compared to competitors - very low* - managers and leaders are viewed like royals - very competitive job transitions - it's a machine - managers are focused on numbers first, then everything else"
2325,Do a quick search of Salesforce marketing spend compared to other big tech companies and you’ll see why working here is such highly touted. The company has shown its true colors during the covid pandemic. Impossible quotas as is with no quota relief during pandemic. BDRs are measured by how much Monopoly money they put into Salesforce and how buddy buddy they are with their AEs. The company says one thing to the press but treats its employees a completely different way. I have not felt any instance of “Ohana” since being here even though I was super excited to work for Salesforce. BDRs feel as if it’s them against the world at this company and have to deal with AE ego on a consistent basis.
2329,"- In San Francisco. Not really a con, but I live in South Bay. Commute is long. Luckily they are WFH friendly."
2357,Onboarding experience needs improvement although I didn’t get the chance to attend in person boot camps. Each group needs to create content so employees are aware of their division practices and resources. There is no information about the hierarchy and where do you fall within the management
2358,"Competitive work environment that pushes you to do your best, but sometimes a few people can cut corners which creates an unfair and skeptical atmosphere"
2360,It depends on cloud you work for. Diversity doesn't exist in all teams. Monitoring cloud has all Indian eng leaders. They only promote each other and senior people are not respected.
2367,"The culture is changing for the worse. As more leadership continues to change and more Oracle leadership is brought in. They manage only from the dashboard. The company is also very short sighted. You might be a rockstar one year but next year they will make you feel like belittled. Your success in the organization will depend on what territory/patch you will be aligned to. Many people join Salesforce for the name, but be careful. Sometimes its not worth joining a company just because they have a brand name."
2371,"""Diversity"" - There's a good lip service but, the reality is that upper management is mostly white. Until there is massive change in how recruiting and cultivating talent happens in the tech industry white guys are going to begat more white guys. Chances are pretty good they don't have friends or connections who are POC. This also holds true from people who come from other tech companies. When rats jump the ship they tend to bring other rats with them. Not so subtle hints that you have to hold a ""right"" set of beliefs/values - you have to get onboard or made to feel like an outsider. If you question or don't hold a certain The idea that Salesforce can save the human race - Salesforce is an innovative tech company with products and services that help customers do business. Be that! While SF is the biggest and holds a huge marketshare, it has created this idea that it can somehow save the world. Surrounded by lots of people who don't actually work with you - there are some teams that have a larger representation in certain hubs but, if you have a team that is largely based in one hub it can get lonely being surrounded by people who are largely irrelevant to your daily work life. It can also infringe on W/L balance. Ohana seating - Gross. Everyone needs their own desk and space. ""Data Driven"" - Sometimes translates to manipulating for personal gain and benefit."
2392,"Since I'm in support, full remote work is not allowed and with all the riots going on in the cities and the virus, I wish more than ever to be allowed to work remote 100% of the time."
2405,Its all about networking- if you cant network- getting a promotion will be more difficult
2412,You don’t like to work anywhere else after working in Salesforce
2415,You don’t like to work anywhere else after working in Salesforce
2422,"Speed, Innovation and Beginner's mindset are key for success in today's world. Be at your best always !"
2423,"Very much turning into Oracle. There's a science to success here and there are benchmarks to live up to. Like any other corporate environment, there are a lot of talented, smart, type-A individuals. Put too many people like this together and you run the risk of creating a toxic, impatient, self-interested culture. Sr. Management is pretty disconnected with what actually goes on the ground. Middle management is huge popularity contest. What bugged me this most is the preaching of diversity and inclusion, yet they constantly hire and promote a very disproportionate WHITE staff in their Sales org. Particularly evident in their Central teams. Very very few minority leaders and individual contributors are actually hired, retained, groomed for success, and promoted. It's almost as if they hire diversity to check a box for their board and shareholders? At the end of the day, yes, the best producers are rewarded, but if you're going to promote such values, at least walk the walk, because the company can definitely afford it."
2432,"Hard to coordinate across so many groups, a bit more process than you'd like"
2437,"The company hires/promotes individuals who do not have the appropriate background to lead, who further stagnates growth and kills morale."
2439,"Terrible management from the top. Leaders don’t care about their teams, they care about promotion and power. Leaders come from different companies with the intention to gain more visibility and status at salesforce. The company has been like that since 2018. People are not recognized by their hard work. People are recognized and promoted by their “marketing” values ( increase salesforce portfolio in the media, increase number of customers, increase status of Marc B, etc) . Leaders can be bullies and discriminate without any type of punishment. The “Ohana” culture is towards leaders / staff who are bullies but don’t get fire because they keep increase salesforce portfolio!"
2456,"Territory, Talent, Timing make your paycheck. You can control talent. But some of the best reps I know have a horrible territory, or a great territory with the wrong timing. Along with ever increasing quotas, many AEs are looking to leave, but stay because of the Kool Aid."
2459,"Competitive environment, and lacking in diversity."
2460,"Coming to Salesforce I made about 30k less than my last job and moved to a city that cost twice as much. Very few hit quota and they will not discuss the possibly of it being a lack of opportunity in the territory. As for the culture...it's not just that there's an extreme lack of diversity but also how they treat their few minorities. I've met so many people across the company in San Francisco, Toronto, Atlanta, Chicago, Denver, Boston, New York, and Dallas. Black employees everywhere have had a bad experience here. It's really changed me mentally. I'm a very sociable person but since I came to Salesforce I've been very isolated. Yes, I've spoken with our HR but even black employees that worked in HR have said they have the same gaslighting experience. It's sad because I can tell that the majority (not all but those I've reached out to for help) aren't interested in change but they continue to push their values on ""equality"". It's extremely triggering."
2466,Rhetoric is over the top and isn't true with reality
2482,"Pressure of getting up to speed and performing starts as a soft buzz in the background that gets louder as you go. There is A LOT to learn - it's a big organization with particular ways of doing things. Also, there are almost too many channels of communication. So, all of this combined can be somewhat overwhelming at times."
2484,"Large company, less visibility into overall strategies"
2496,Its all about networking- if you cant network- getting a promotion will be more difficult
2511,"Love our culture of inclusion and that we lead organizations in proactively looking for ways to hire, promote and engage under-represented groups. That said, we need to be careful our internal messaging doesn't cross the line of coming across as things other than performance and leadership potential dictate upward mobility and promotion."
2513,"Manager get their friends to join and end up biased for them. No measured performance review, no actionable feedback. Promotions based on personal rapport"
2519,on-boarding process needs a overhaul and the psychological safety depends on team to team.
2523,"Growth, passive aggressive culture when trying to evolve change."
2524,Rapid growth can lead to some stated ideals to be realistically implemented.
2532,"I worry that the emphasis on sales growth overshadows our customers' success on the platform, and our ability to scale to ensure they realize the value. Some acquisitions have carved out weird enclaves of unaligned culture. While this hasn't really tanked anything yet, I just think that the larger corporate entity just doesn't know how to best maximize the value of some of the smaller to mid-sized acquisitions it's scooped up in recent years."
2534,Political work environment Poor leadership with no self awareness Low morale Preaches equal pay when pay across same levels/titles is extremely unequal Promotes unfit leaders Asks for honesty but doesn’t actually want to hear the truth/ won’t act on it
2540,- CSG leadership seems to be in constant flux - No sick day policy - Fast pace and high workload can make it difficult to keep up - HR is weak and spineless - Becoming more corporate - Can be a siloed organization
2550,Management can be more transparent.
2554,Sales is stressful but that’s anywhere. You’re hired for a reason so the expectation is you can execute and close business.
2555,- change is the only constant so you must be comfortable being uncomfortable
2573,Need to stay in a role for over 1 year
2575,"I can't think of any, though cons could be perceived if you aren't comfortable with an extremely fast paced publicly traded organization. That's not an organizational fault, but solely a byproduct of how fast Salesforce is innovating to continue leading the industry and serving our clients."
2580,Too many managers worrying about getting ahead and looking good vs focus on clients and employees. Degrading behavior and not recognizing or acknowledging different experiences and views. Only select few making money
2590,some organizations managers are screwed up and makes life hell like the one i work for.. frequent top management changes bringing in new company directions.. still feels like startup mode company with lack of direction in IT.
2591,Extremely fast paced - such that priorities change too often. Leadership can sometimes promise impossible things that the rest of us have to figure out at any cost how to deliver which can be frustrating versus a rewarding challenge.
2597,Remote work is challenging given a very San Francisco centric culture. The impressive growth has been forgiving to inconsistent internal discipline. The culture will have a tough time adapting to the discipline required to take the company to $20B.
2599,Company is changing quickly. Culture is less transparent than compared to the past and there is a new management style.
2606,"Constant restructuring, would need a high level of discipline to take charge of your career, easy to get lost and get silo-ed. Different orgs rarely interact with each other"
2613,We're getting too big and are less and less connected with our employees. We struggle at times with deciding between doing what's right for the business and doing what's right for our people. It's inevitable with a mature business like salesforce.
2620,"Lot of changes, politics in technology, expect more than usual from employees, if you have a large commute and kids to handle then you will suffer and feel hard to do *everything well, stocks will handcuff you so beware and move on if you are saturating"
2622,Salesforce is a very fast moving company. You should be comfortable with uncertainty if you work here and the type of person who is willing to dive in and fix a problem when they see it.
2623,"Not great at cultivating and nurturing talent. As an individual, you have to be driven to take your career and growth into your own hands. No one is going to hand-hold you through it."
2642,None - keep doing what you are doing
2650,"Very high pressure environment. Sales people respect the craft, so you need to be sharp and heavily detailed. Do not expect to coast here."
2653,"It is so disciplined that it is difficult to find time for brain storming, need to keep everything predictable and get results, little research investment."
2659,"The Culture in the Chicago office took a nose dive this year. With fast growth a lot of the wrong people were promoted to leadership positions and have sucked some of the life out of the organization. (On the plus side things move fast so they probably wont be in those roles for too much longer). Their is also a clear political path to success, be liked by the group that is running the show and you will be rewarded with a greater share of the potential sources of commission compared to your peers (There is a loosely defined territory policy which can either be a huge benefit or detriment to your career). The downside is that it appears most of the ""have's"" already have been selected."
2662,"After 3 years you will be burned out and no further ahead in your career. If you find you are not burned out, congratulations! You are among the super-humans who can handle working 60 hours a week, playing politics, and working in a whirlwind environment. You know who you are - you run triathalons and scale mountains! If, however, you wish to have a balance in life, after 3 years you will start to look elsewhere for your next career move. Having Salesforce.com on your resume will open many doors for you, so you can take your career in any direction - start-up, mid-sized company, start out on your own, large company - you name it! So go ahead, take that job at Salesforce.com, just know it's a step in the right direction toward where you really want to be!"
2672,"Lack of structured offices in the region, what makes the client life harder."
2685,"This organization is not immune to the usual corporate politics. Not enough diversity in the organization, even though they highlight diversity as one of their strengths. Once you get passed the Manager roles, the percentage of non-white Directors and drops drastically"
2689,"The arrogance, and the Oracle culture that is taking over."
2692,Too much tolerance for bad leaders in pockets of the organization who are savvy politically.
2697,* It's very political-- make the right friends * Clique-y-- sometimes it feels like high school * Smaller territories-- they keep shrinking-- and the quotas keep rising * Compensation is decent but not competitive with a lot of offers for similar roles in the area (but if this is an issue-- see my pros-- you won't have a hard time making more money elsewhere) * Can feel a little boiler room
2725,"Not enough structure, career path and promotions difficult to understand"
2727,"The fast pace and constant change. You need to get to know people on a personal level, which is great for someone that likes to meet new people. Theres a ton of change that's constantly happening, and making friends along the way makes it better to comprehend, and feel more secure in your own position."
2728,"ExactTarget leads the industry and wants to hold on to that spot. However, as they grow they are falling into the same issues as their competitors: How do we keep the small company appeal with thousands of employees? They are struggling at the moment. A lot of changes in leadership and new policies put in place that bring down that start up feel."
2733,"You have to be open to change, which can be hard for some. Our environment evolves rapidly and it's not necessarily for the faint of heart. If you are looking to clock in and out, or looking to do the same thing every day, I would not think this would be the ideal environment for you."
2736,"It can be hard to hang on in such a competitive culture. If you are not a top performer, it can be very challenging."
2747,Smaller Territory and Comp plans really got bad fast.
2748,Sales leadership has changed focus and is operating in panic mode. Losing focus on support and the resources for the smaller users is becoming all self service.
2754,small territories that take a long time to cultivate
2759,Politics rule here. Performance is based on how well you play political games. 100% a boys club and HR will not respond to harassment complaints.
2761,Great company but becoming too big for it's own good. Some of middle management is not very well qualified but are there by chance - timing. Can have a very Bro culture.
2763,"""Mean Girls"" environment. Super competitive for titles and promotions."
2766,"Very difficult to explore new opportunities if you're in the creative department. There's a real absence of leadership and management talent there. The atmosphere has been incredibly negative and political for the past 3 years, so if you're interested in another role you'll need to leave the company (you'll be given that advice if you express interest to your manager). The department is purposely trying to become an ad agency, except the department leads don't want to partner with other teams and are openly adversarial when they're not in front of execs. The department leads set a bad example by frequently talking trash about colleagues outside the creative team and that doesn't help anyone. If you're considering leaving your agency gig to take a client side role, this is not the place you'll want to call home."
2767,Growing competition in SMB segment. Work life balance. Increasing politics at the top. Culture is being eroded - becoming more like Oracle.
2776,Major major problems with culture. Highly antagonistic and not team-oriented - reminds me a lot of Microsoft. I wish I had known this before coming here as it is pervasive and apparently well known within the valley. I think a lot of people are dazzled by the brand and are quickly disillusioned with the culture. Having major growing pains as they incorporate other big companies (Exact Target) and just growth in general.
2780,"Aggressive, transactional culture. Great for some personalities, not for everyone. Territories are hit or miss, seasoned reps get best areas, accounts"
2784,"Location strategy is incredibly San Francisco centered - don't expect leaps and bounds of advancement outside of HQ, but that's really any company."
2794,"The rate of change is huge. Often the ready, fire aim approach doesn't work when we are now a large company. We are like the awkward teenager who is growing too fast and fumbling along the way."
2800,"No organization or leadership capabilities to speak of. If you value great snacks and bridge views over people who take an interest in your development, value your contributions, and care if you actually can have a personal life then this is your place. Leaders here only manage upward, no time for employees. Hugely political with redundant functions falling over each other, no clear decision making, and little connection between resources and strategic initiatives. No time for planning but plenty of time to do the same things new over and over again. Competitive internal culture among senior leaders"
2804,Its very big so you'll find it difficult to get your ideas through
2805,Growing pains with a fast paced environment. Leadership is working to provide better work life balance however no near term end in sight.
2816,Need to balance traditional approaches with innovation in development and decision making internal processes. Focus on agile teams may cause greater efficiencies to be lost.
2831,"crazy political; not all for one and one for all, but rather, all looking out for number one; sales culture has made everyone else into 2nd class citizens; higher-than-average comp doesn't pay for how embittered one becomes as a result of this environment"
2843,"The management doesn't really work very well. Lots of lip service given to ""promote from within"" even though most positions are filled from outside the company."
2878,"The one constant at Salesforce is change. It can be good, but you shouldn't get too comfortable in a role."
2883,-Headcount growing perhaps too quickly which could transform the community feel to a more corporate environment -Does not offer full meals (light snacks and beverages are provided) -Signals of a more corporate future ahead evidenced by a shift away from local vendors to their global competitors
2886,strong focus on targets & quota
2888,"In a virtual world now, hard to really get to know co-workers, I suspect that will change in the future though."
2891,The company lacks integrity. Trust is a marketing term.
2894,strong focus on targets & quota
2897,"Opportunity for advancement, management is not open to new ideas, and micromanagement"
2905,"Sometimes you're thrown to the wolves, you have a huge toolset but you need to take ownership of learning how to use what's given and navigate your resources."
2906,Relentless pace. You really need to be OK with this.
2908,can be a very stressful environment
2909,Positions change often - not a great deal of stability
2918,If you are interested in pursuing a career path other than sales it is difficult to make a lateral change from SDR Very compet
2920,Got big real fast... still fighting to maintain start-up/growth mentality
2932,"Fast paced, can be high pressure, hard to “unplug” even though it’s highly encouraged."
2935,Large company does not always have the employees' best interest in mind.
2936,"As with any large organizations, a lot of meetings but with COVID and lack of on-site gathering, it is the best any group can do"
2939,"Pressure of getting up to speed and performing starts as a soft buzz in the background that gets louder as you go. There is A LOT to learn - it's a big organization with particular ways of doing things. Also, there are almost too many channels of communication. So, all of this combined can be somewhat overwhelming at times."
2943,"Very large corporation, with all that implies"
2945,Constant change - which could be a good thing
2951,The business is demanding and moves quickly.
2961,"Work culture is siloed, although senior leadership is great the CEO leaves a lot to be desired, at times it feels like a ""drink the Koolaid"" culture"
2966,"Salesforce is a high pressure work environment. If you can handle the pace and stress, you’ll thrive"
2975,Not good in giving stock options
2980,If you are interested in pursuing a career path other than sales it is difficult to make a lateral change from SDR Very compet
2983,"Many leaders have limited experience in enterprise technology and don’t understand its nuances, creating difficulty for employees. Individual contributors often end up managing up and receiving little support. Leadership consistently meets minorities with skepticism, doubt and microagressions. They severely lack empathy and have one vision of success. It’s a very homogeneous culture. If an employee is different, they are gaslit and “othered.” It’s been consistent that BIPOC employees experience mental distress at hands of peers and leadership. The Ohana has a serious culture problem and only making superficial strides to correct. It is the modern good ole boy."
2984,"We talk like we are in a start-up environment, but really, we are a high company."
2990,New leaders how should have gone through thorough training
2996,Lack of holistic vision across different orgs
3004,"Onboarding, support, communication, leads, pipeline"
3006,Management bullies women - good ole boys network The commission system & calculation is broken - you're consistently having to fight for what is owed to you The territory system is broken - the San Francisco team consistently steals accounts from non-SFO territories (and gets away with it)
3013,"Fast paced, can be high pressure, hard to “unplug” even though it’s highly encouraged."
3015,"Because Salesforce is in such an innovative industry, change is a constant. Most people go along with it fairly well, but if you resist change this would not be a good place for you. Expectations are high, but leaders are compassionate and help you achieve those high expectations."
3018,More and more political the higher up you go
3019,Sometimes the company can feel like is moving very fast and it is imperative for you to do the same to stay up to date with new products/ strategies. Not necessarily a con but it is important to have an agile mindset to be successful at Salesforce.
3023,"Culture felt toxic as every team meeting was about optics. Internal technology feels old and clunky. Not a whole lot of transparency within the company. Onboarding remote is definitely difficult here, not a great nor supportive onboarding experience."
3030,"- Change management and communication is not Salesforce's strong suit -- this can sometimes cause internal friction, or even have negative customer impacts because folks who need to know about changes may be not in a loop - Salesforce's approach and general attitude is very product, sales and marketing centric, which has been key to our success. However, for those of us who are in the services side of the business, the resources and enablement materials at our disposal is not as bountiful as they are, for say, SEs and AEs, so we not set up for success as much, making the job more difficult. - While Salesforce often says they put the customer at the center of everything they do, those who are not customer facing sometimes lack the ability to put themselves in customer shoes, but those of us who do interact with customers rely upon other internal teams to make them successful, so often times the biggest challenge is navigating our massive organization and hoping you'll be able to get the attention of the person who can help, and hoping they have the resources and time to help your customer."
3043,"Things change quickly. If you are the type of individual that is resistant to change, you may struggle at Salesforce"
3050,"Pace of innovation, change adverse, reactive, lack of transparency, lack of integrity, lower standards, general unawareness, ineffective"
3052,"Constant changes on priority, internal org used to test release while teams operate in production environment makes it harder to drive maturity"
3061,"In a virtual world now, hard to really get to know co-workers, I suspect that will change in the future though."
3062,Some growing pains with mergers and acquisition. Always alot going on so need to focus on ACV activities.
3066,The culture is a little bro-ey
3073,Metrics are tough at the beginning
3074,You need a lot of self-discipline
3089,"1. Problem in hiring due to brand value - We need to increase brand value of Salesforce to attract best talent in India. 2. Some rules are not common across globe in Salesforce and thats confusing sometimes for example WFH, paternity leave etc..."
3091,"Initial stage as a service consultancy. You have to find your own way. LACA region is pretty new and needs a lot of external expertise to build itself. Although it is necessary, it is still like a Frankenstein of methodologies and approaches that vary with management and teams."
3094,Overly positive American culture can be a bit much at times
3097,"Keeping up with everything. Very fast paced. You can easily get lost. Required learning path, certifications and badges for your role can be tough. High pressure on getting certified starting on day 1!"
3102,"There seems not enough path to change role. Also, in branches, sales members are treated like a king and less attention for back office employees"
3113,"At this moment I honestly cannot think of any legitimate cons to working for Salesforce. Any company will have unique challenges which will require adjustment on the part of staff, and Salesforce is no different. That isn't a con, but merely reality."
3123,"- Can be stressful at time, and a real drive to perform, sell and grow at a rapid speed - Be prepared for long hours from time to time"
3124,Management are always moving the goal-posts.
3128,For those who don't like change - this is not the place for you. If you thrive off change - you will be right at home!
3131,Very challenging ramp and time to onboard. Highly competitive with so many AE's and very intens. If you're lacking self motivation and reflection you will find it very challenging to work here.
3134,Moving elsewhere will make you consider your decision
3140,"The culture can be a bit cheesy and cringe worthy and I believe that change is a constant. I don't see that as a Con personally, but it maybe for other people."
3143,"You have to cope with overwhelming infos , ambuiguity provided by constant change. You have to be comfortable with lots if business travel"
3144,"Not a start-up anymore! Less potential for getting what a fast growing company has to offer. If you were starting your career here 10 years ago, you would be in a great place now"
3147,High concentration of the people in Sao Paulo
3149,Be ready to embrace change and learn quickly.
3152,Limited focused countries and cities
3160,If you don't enjoy that kind of freedom and prefer a more structured environment where there are simpler and more defined demands placed on you then this is not the place for you.
3178,Growing pace makes target more challenging
3187,"- I think there maybe too many Oracle people coming across that may eventually lead to a change in culture, make sure we only take the culture fit ones :) - Salesforce markets to the customer so well... sets the vision and goes on executing it.. there should be a communication strategy laid better to inform and communicate this to front line staff. - I think in some roles ( not my own ) aren't given the opportunity to expand on what they are doing they are placed in a box and have to wait their time to get some flexibility in what they can do / given a runway or roadmap ( this is just an observation on certain teams, this is not the case in my case ) so this maybe ill-informed."
3189,Rapid growth leading to tendency towards fiefdoms
3191,"The management, especially in the technical support team doesn't back their team and never try to understand the challenges from the team's perspective"
3195,demanding sales environment - high velocity. Monthly driven targets can be stressful - need to be able to keep your calm and ride the waves (both up and down)
3200,It's a fast pace work environment and change is the only constant here in Salesforce. With this dynamic environment brings stress and the pressure to perform as everyone is putting their best forward.
3203,"It is a fast growing, large company with a complex org structure. Navigating the right teams and people takes time, but everyone is willing to help you."
3205,"- Some teams don't practice all of the values of Salesforce, they only focus in on a couple - transparency is one that I feel needs to be developed more - London and Staines are very separate entities. By bringing more seminars and events to Staines, it will enrich the culture and lay some of the pressure off of the work space issue in London"
3207,Career development can be somewhat limited
3217,"Technically, the company is lackluster, yet has drunk it's own kool-aid, believing itself to be innovative. User interface is implemented with a proprietary framework (Aura) that is universally criticized by its users as inferior to Aspect and other industry standards, but is ferociously defended by company insiders. Similarly, storage is done via a proprietary layer atop a small number of massive Oracle databases. This means that one database outage affects a large number of customers. The Oracle centric mindset of the ""old boys"" has been incredibly resistant to change. Unit testing is slowly gaining acceptance, but is still by far the exception to the rule. The monolithic nature of the code base means that tests may take several days to catch regressions. Somehow, mediocrity and risk aversion have become the norm, perhaps due to the senior management blaming failures on the very staff who are doing more than the minimum possible, and are therefore ""visible""."
3237,The promotion path is already written and there are no exceptions for top performers.
3244,"Not for the faint-hearted The sense of mission and associated demands will not be for everyone - be prepared to work hard. As the company gets larger and the product set gets wider, the resilience factor is increased. New employees need to be prepared to wait 9-12 months before things ""click""."
3246,Fast Paced - if you are not used to a fast growing company this could be a challenge. Personally it has helped me thrive in the first 6 months and it motivates me to see the pace of growth and change
3247,forces benefit rules that don't always make sense.
3249,"Growth is sustained by carving territories for new reps. Frustrating to lose accounts you invest in, and need to drive bigger deals in reduced territory."
3250,"Its getting more complex, the change cycle is continuous, expecting to be selling something regardless of your role"
3251,"Lack of international market focus, Exec visits, investment, low standard marketing leadership roles that deal with politics more than actual work and delivery of progress. No action from top management."
3254,Management politics significantly impact on the effectiveness of the organisation. Promotions and territory allocations are based on relationship instead of rep performance.
3263,Not the best leadership - extremely micromanaging and transactional.
3267,"As the company is quite young, there are not necessarily processes in place which can sometimes make things challenging, especially when it come to career development however, the lack of process gives employees the opportunity to build their own processes and own their own career."
3271,If you are a woman you will spend years trying to break through the extremely tight knit boys club. What makes it even harder is the PR about women completely contradicts the experience of many women who work here. The boys network will actively exclude women and block them as they fear they will do a better job. Mostly male leadership teams and now great women are leaving and being replaced by men.
3287,"Failure in execution of vision and values at middle management If you're non-sales, you often get left out of company events / initiatives Promotion criteria (if actually issued) not followed consistently Constant expectation to do more with less Silos are everywhere - it's all about who you actually know and have a relationship with in other teams / functions if you want to find out what's happening / get anything done EMEA and APAC teams in support functions are an after thought - everything revolves around HQ and US Don't expect a work / life balance if you live in a time zone more than 2 hours different to San Francisco"
3289,Always need to be switched on (great in a way)
3311,"Always on, really fast paced and intense."
3316,"- Everything is on Chatter, gets a little annoying as people want to outshine one another by boasting on Chatter - Very competitive, tough for promotions - Can get political as with every organization"
3317,"you need to understand the culture to navigate your career, not always completely transparent"
3318,"Technically, the company is lackluster, yet has drunk it's own kool-aid, believing itself to be innovative. User interface is implemented with a proprietary framework (Aura) that is universally criticized by its users as inferior to Aspect and other industry standards, but is ferociously defended by company insiders. Similarly, storage is done via a proprietary layer atop a small number of massive Oracle databases. This means that one database outage affects a large number of customers. The Oracle centric mindset of the ""old boys"" has been incredibly resistant to change. Unit testing is slowly gaining acceptance, but is still by far the exception to the rule. The monolithic nature of the code base means that tests may take several days to catch regressions. Somehow, mediocrity and risk aversion have become the norm, perhaps due to the senior management blaming failures on the very staff who are doing more than the minimum possible, and are therefore ""visible""."
3319,Culture in the Netherlands. fast growth in people with different backgrounds and culture is hard to create an local culture.
3325,Career progression paths can be unclear
3337,"In an ever changing and dynamic environment, it's key that you make an effort for a good work/like balance."
3341,Growing fast and that means never ending pressure for deliver
3349,"Success is not exclusively based on skill. As they say here it's based off of timing, territory, and talent; in that order."
3350,Full on - can be intense at times. difficult to maintain work/life balance (of own choice) company can be quite reserved at times when it should be bolder.
3351,Type of metrics aren't strategic
3357,Struggling to scale and keep culture
3366,The general sense to over promote employees at Salesforce. This works well to a certain extent in R&D but not for other functions.
3368,"lean enterprise, lot of presure"
3379,"Less innovative selling approach than former company,SAP. Less collaboration with talented experts. However everyone are studying very hard and enthusiastic."
3384,Can’t judge as still new I’m role
3392,Depends on the team you are part of.
3407,Overall culture has deteriorated badly over the last few years
3415,Some americanised templatised approaches Some lack of understanding of strategy and consulting
3438,Very high target and get higher and higher every year
3466,May feel slow if you are used to a high paced environment
3476,Very political on the small dpts
3498,Breakneck pace Can be quite streeful
3504,Opportunities due to nature of Professional services. Culture when promotions come around. A lot of it's who you know not what you have done
3505,Too many sales people - really depends on the team you joined
3506,"Support role, guess it will be difficult to change carrier to development"
3513,Fast paced but it’s not for the weak
3514,Too many sales people - really depends on the team you joined
3516,Very political on the small dpts
3518,"The amount of information about the increasing number of products and their multiple Also, the number of recruits has increased so much that we are having a hard time dealing with those who do not have sufficient knowledge."
3520,Squad structure - different culture according to different squads.
3522,Overwhelming amount of information coming a you all the time so you need to develop a filter
3537,Sometimes sense of chaos and lack of interdepartamental communication
3540,"if you work in sales, you'll get stressed but that's everywhere"
3545,Conflicted Culture. People being promoted in advance of experience.
3554,"You need a good work-ethic, be professional and effective, and take care of yourself. It is easy to get lost in work."
3556,Career progression not well defined outside of sales roles
3558,- a bit of an echo chamber
3562,"Dashboard Managers Micromanagement New reps are not setup for success, handed the worst territories and still expected to perform. Managers live in the past - talk about the days they crushed quotas, when everything was inbound, ignore the reality. Under pay for the market 'because they are Salesforce and can get away with it' Very heavy in-office culture and they struggled hard to adapt to WFH and remote onboarding Sell the Salesforce Way - most clients don't buy the Salesforce way..."
3567,"Very fast moving, lots of change, some confusion. Broad portfolio of products and solutions makes it hard to stay across everything."
3568,Fast paced and lots of change so need to be able to adapt
3585,"flex working time,reorg,management,chaotic,meetings, leadership, too many meetings"
3587,"-Lots of pressure to perform, and at times, impossible to achieve a healthy work/life balance -Sometimes infighting among salespeople, regions and/or divisions over splits. Sales policy is extensive, and therefore requires a lot of energy/focus to master -There is often lots of acct changes at the start of new FY. Can be disruptive"
3590,Tech is not exciting Not meant for hustlers
3607,Opportunities due to nature of Professional services. Culture when promotions come around. A lot of it's who you know not what you have done
3624,Can feel a little anonymous as it's grown so much
3626,"However, the recent years' experience was more like a 2-3 star company. The culture is definitely not the same anymore. All the decisions are top-down. Some of the leaders don't even have domain knowledge. The culture became very political. Promotions were very unfairly done. No career band framework at all. People being overworked and dragged into political plays. You can't be your authentic self anymore, but have to wear a mask to work everyday coz your boss need you to be 'perfect'."
3634,"Not really much but, BDR seems to have only opportunity to promote to AE only."
3642,- The org is primarily located in Utah and Boston. SF recruits are bound to have no in-person team gatherings - Legacy tech stack
3647,Not a real downside but something to note is that while working you have autonomy over your day to day actions. So just make sure you can motivate yourself and create your own structure. Also SF is big on building your own brand so you need to take ownership of your brand and put yourself out there for exposure and advancement in your career.
3649,"-The company is still stuck in a market based compensation model, but they're not even in line with their current markets. They have yet to adapt like other big tech firms. -There are people placed in high level(SVP & EVP) positions who have little, to no, experience in the organizations and the impact is present by the mass exodus of tenured individuals. -The politics are some of the worst I've ever experienced. If you know people who have, or currently do work here, ask around."
3653,"In a company focused on sales, the pressure is real."
3658,"-Hyper growth always means a big work load, but that's nothing new in the recruitment world -Fast-paced work environment isn't for everyone"
3661,"While this is being worked on, promotions and factors around money are kept weirdly secretive compared to other big tech companies. Stocks and compensation are great for new hires, but they don't invest as much in retaining talent."
3678,"Culture too political, all based on who you know"
3683,"Extremely competitive, not a lot of focus on qualitative value but that's typical with a sales role"
3685,Not embracing cloud technologies as much as they should.
3687,The base is so low
3712,"tech stack is not popular, you can barely use it outside of Salesforce"
3714,Hard to progress you career here. Every takes 2-3 years in each role. Lame for motivated people who can have opportunity to grab big roles.
3716,"Lack of management, not good at training new hires"
3717,Lower than industry avg pay Commission structure only benefits Salesforce Territories are super saturated with under utilized shelf ware Management is on a 1-year campaign tour if best - very transactional culture No territory ownership by your co-primes who just wait for you to usher in the c-level intros Super political - and not just Marc’s outspoken political stance Get ready to google yourself to knowledge as the onboarding is atrocious and entirely virtual
3718,The culture is amazing but a little cultural misappropriation
3730,"- Leaders aren't receptive to suggestions or feedback - Salary is not competitive - Limited enablement - As with most enterprise companies, territories are small"
3743,"- The better you are at networking and being outgoing, the farther you can go. - It is an intensely sales-focused culture, and that can be frustrating if you want to contribute but don't aspire to be a salesperson. - Working with senior executives is hit or miss. Some are amazingly supportive. - - Others are bogged down and distracted due to top-down pressure from the President's Committee. - The closer your orbit is to the company's top executives the, more stressful you life is likely to be."
3747,"If you are doing work on the Core product, it can be frustrating, as it is a massive Java monolith. I believe there is a culture problem within the management ranks of the Digital Engagement division. SF promotes ""trust"" as their number one core value, but from what I experienced, certain individuals at the middle management level in this division of the company seem to embrace the opposite of that value, leading to an adversarial, rather than cooperative, relationship between teams."
3754,Rapid growth has caused ill equipped managers to promote too quickly and this has damaged the culture.
3755,"They think they have a good culture when really it's just a cult. Most people being brought in act like everyone should get a trophy and most frontline manager are feckless, political, little people with a true talent of thinking themselves as mini benioffs. It's really quite disgusting."
3777,"Must be able to fully drink the cultural Kool-aide, however I don't think SF realizes that a lot of customers don't want to be so political and would rather the software just work and be easier use etc."
3786,Can be fast-paced at times.
3805,"It can be a bit unnerving sometimes if you don't have an entrepreneurial spirit inside of you. There is a lot of opportunity, but you have to be a bit of a self driver to take full advantage."
3810,-Great option as a gateway to a sales career but you have to wait 3-4 years before reaching AE role if you start as an SDR.
3816,-Working in core can be sluggish
3823,"Growth into senior executive level positions, VP and above, is often limited to internal leadership. These levels are recruited outside Salesforce and are recruits who are former Salesforce employees or at other organizations."
3835,- Moves fast - Doesn't have stock options
3850,Career growth opportunities can be limited Large Company Environment Overhead/Bureaucracy
3854,"no control over the majority of your metrics, and therefore no control over your promotion timeline. You spend the majority of the day copying and pasting from linkedin to the org, your promotion is based on your meeting metric which is all about the BDRs performances not yours, as well as headcount which is also out of your control."
3855,Gets very corporate at times and re-orgs are happening more frequently
3862,"The only constant is change, so you have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable. It's great for someone who likes to learn and grow."
3867,Lots of orgs and the product is older
3869,"Due to size and growth, it's very difficult to make an impact in the middle ranks. Politics are hard to navigate. While top leaders (Marc Benioff and Brett Taylor) demonstrate the fun of the culture and sincere dedication to core values, I can't say the same about middle management. A great place to start your career or have a VP or above role."
3899,Politics that makes it difficult to advance based on skill set
3905,"Sometimes tough process, but will help you learn"
3920,"learn how to network, otherwise your career is stagnant"
3921,Front line management are the most feckless/worthless/stupid people I've ever come across. All they care about is politics and looking good for themselves and promoting their people. Yes the 'good ole boy' network has new clothes but it still very much exists.
3955,Growth opportunities can be limited.
3960,"Some of the metrics are far fetch, its a very sink of swim culture. Moving up in the Sales org is difficult"
3963,"Often times it's all about Territory, Timing, Talent"
3966,If you don't drink the koolaid you are definitely looked at as an outsider.
3972,"Wages are stagnant, not keeping pace with inflation-in the United States is 6.8% for the 12 months ended November 2021, meaning with the 4-5% raises we are expecting, we enter 2022 behind. Attrition is becoming a serious issue. Getting VERY big and a series of promotions from without and seemingly disingenuous internal promotion systems (you cannot brag about how many new roles are open when a majority of these new roles are already spoken for by the people in the roles you killed off). This make it the best dead end job you'll ever have. Salesforce has reached that place where leadership thinks only outsiders can help make change vs. looking who they work with and their capabilities. After a decade, if I had a good opportunity come up, I'd leave."
3976,"Often times it's all about Territory, Timing, Talent"
3980,"Work culture not always as great as touted, burn out factor depending on the role"
3981,"Culture, politics, lack of equity"
4002,Need to be able to be flexible and adaptable and a continuous learner in a high pace environment (con is the speed of change and demands to keep up with it but also it creates the opportunities for personal growth).
4004,"Unclear promotion path, constant change"
4008,"Company is getting bigger quickly, not making short term tradeoffs and continuously bringing in great people to maintain high standards will potentially present challenges."
4010,Leadership team has opportunity for growth
4015,"They think they have a good culture when really it's just a cult. Most people being brought in act like everyone should get a trophy and most frontline manager are feckless, political, little people with a true talent of thinking themselves as mini benioffs. It's really quite disgusting."
4024,"Most individuals are being onboarded remotely, which is not a smooth transition at any company since these are new processes due to the pandemic. While Salesforce is probably ahead of the curve, you will be inundated with LOTS of self-navigation resources during your onboarding experience. It can be a lot to organize and digest."
4026,"Not for people who can't create content and communicate product value to an audience. Part of the interview process requires you to put together a presentation for a panel of interviewers. You give a 15-minute elevator pitch. with only an outline provided. You have to go create your presentation based on research, and the marketing materials that are available online. I felt like this gave me an opportunity to showcase my individuality and unique style, but others might feel overwhelmed."
4029,"Marc is the only decision-maker at Salesforce. He will revert the decisions of tenured & seasoned executives, his ELT, or any C-team member in a second. This devastates the teams and people doing the work. Competency is not a criteria for C-level jobs. Marc's favoritism is. One needs only to look at the exodus of Marketing talent (at all levels) in 2021 to see the impact of his most recent CMO selection. With an army of talented leaders, but very limited opportunity for them to actually make decisions, the battle for ownership of the remaining work is more important than doing the work itself."
4042,Culture is getting aggressive with the company starting to feel a bit like Amazon.
4043,success is defined by the territory you get and how much internal politics you play
4050,Change is constant and you need to work through ambiguity well.
4088,If you don't drink the koolaid you are definitely looked at as an outsider.
4093,"Intense, focused on quotas, constant change (can also be a pro)"
4094,isn't as competitive as startups and other big players
4114,"There are lots of tools/applications that one needs to learn, it can feel overwhelming at first like drinking from a fire hose, but everypiece of training is impactful and truly sets you up for success. Be prepared to learn a lot early on."
4118,"My supervisor directly created a hostile work environment for me. I already have PTSD, so I was always on high alert, which is exhausting and detrimental to my mental and physical health."
4124,"* Cultural indoctrination; you need to fully buy into the Salesforce culture to be a fit. If you don't drink the cool aid, you won't be a fit. * Still lacks diversity in parts of the organization; cultural and gender diversity remains a challenge. * Your role is to stay in your swim lane, scope of your work is defined and you are expected to stay in your swim lane. * In order to get promoted, you either need friends higher up or fit a very specific Salesforce profile. There is partially still a glass ceiling for many minorities."
4134,"- WFH culture is great, but I don't feel is sustainable with Salesforce's brand and there is very little opportunity to ever work with colleagues in person"
4136,Fast Paced environment can be tough
4140,"Sometimes positions and team changes are not communicated very well. If you do not like change, you will not like Salesforce."
4142,LATAM division drives their corporate culture baed on threats and fear
4162,"learn how to network, otherwise your career is stagnant"
4163,"Culture too political, all based on who you know"
4185,* Politics between different internal organizations often impedes progress / ability to work effectively
4195,* Can get lost in the vast universe of the company * Managers are slowly being overwhelmed by their personal quotas and increasing amount of people they need to lead
4200,fast growth. SF centric. hard to qualify long term value.
4201,"- Quota attainment across the board is not as high as management made it seem when interviewing - A ton of co-selling. Different teams have their own solution they are trying to push, therefore co-selling can be difficult and you're typically dealing with reps a lot less tenured - Diversity- shocked at how little diversity there is especially in sales - Culture is so political it's toxic"
4229,pressure will be high when we don't get a good manager
4235,Rapid growth has caused ill equipped managers to promote too quickly and this has damaged the culture.
4237,"- Toxic sales culture, growth is highest priority, including over the code of conduct and values - Execution to advertised best workplace are not reality, and are often marketing campaigns or gimmicks (such as equal pay for women) - Lack of diversity - particularly in most valued sales, technology positions"
4247,Lack of leadership managing vision and purpose
4268,"-Political infighting: Get ready to watch your back at every turn, trust no one, and to feel used by the end of your time there. -If you want to come out of your job feeling ""battle worn"", this is a place to do that. You will have to compete for your job, your work, your respect. -It's all smoke and mirrors. Marc is one of the greatest showman on earth! And you know what his circus predecessor said ""there's a sucker born every minute"". He makes the kool aide, you drink it, he gets paid more. It's that simple."
4271,"As Salesforce tends to hire rather than build talent, there is a high probability that you will work with someone who is stranded in their career and checked out."
4278,Standard process-each team creates their own. Resources can freely move from one team to another which can create resource problems. To many acronyms
4282,The constant change makes it hard to align on expected goals and expectations.
4284,"Big corporation, your voice might not be heard"
4291,"-company culture is pushed hard but falls short -hard to come across genuine colleagues especially if you have different backgrounds than them -a bit hard for career growth, promotions hard to come across (even though they do provide personal development opportunities and trainings)"
4301,"Many acquisitions, different groups can have different alignments."
4307,other cities in US aren't paid as high as SFO. Joining balance is also fairly low for other cities.
4308,"Many acquisitions, different groups can have different alignments."
4314,"Fast-paced work culture, high expectations from senior management, super lean team"
4327,No downside...some people don't like how fast they move but that's what I love about it.
4333,limited career opportunities to grow
4345,"Huge, huge landscape of platforms and teams to learn"
4351,The culture is amazing but a little cultural misappropriation
4352,"Huge organization with deep hierarchy in leadership, will bring along challenges in translating idea to reality. Its no different here. In a way its good as these ideas go through a process of churn in their pursuit of weighing their merits, but these acts as road bumps to reduce the pace of innovations."
4362,"Career advancement varies wildly by team and there isn't any pay transparency. You're encouraged to explore different roles at the company, but it'll hold you back from pay increases and promotions even if you perform well and have great feedback from customers and leadership. The company is hyper political internally. Getting ahead is rarely about what you've done, but more who you're friends with. Leaders rarely listen to feedback even though they solicit it constantly and people of color are treated differently than white people. This company sells itself as a dream job, but really it's just like every other corporation: greedy, opaque, and insincere."
4370,"As a big company, you sometimes need to work with a longer timeframe in mind; you won't have the agility that you see in a start-up unless you're in a research group. Also, the path to promotion may be longer term than at a smaller company."
4373,"large company, you can get lost if you don't engage"
4376,Fast Paced environment can be tough
4380,"I don't know what the culture is like on other teams, but my team is not diverse at all. I'm the only black person on my team, and even on our larger 30 person team, there are only 3 people of Asian descent (which is nuts considering tech demographics overall), everyone else is white or white-passing, and I don't see that changing anytime soon. There has been a lot of marketing recently about Salesforce meeting its 50% underrepresented goal a year early, but that number includes all women, and if it didn't they'd never meet their goal. A lot of middle managers are not interested in diversity and definitely not inclusion. Even if you're hired here as a black employee, you won't be treated equally and people will question your experience and abilities constantly. It's demoralizing, and it explains why retention is so low. I wouldn't recommend working here unless you have a bigger goal in mind for what you want to do next."
4398,Extremely big and takes adjustment.
4399,"Not for people who can't create content and communicate product value to an audience. Part of the interview process requires you to put together a presentation for a panel of interviewers. You give a 15-minute elevator pitch. with only an outline provided. You have to go create your presentation based on research, and the marketing materials that are available online. I felt like this gave me an opportunity to showcase my individuality and unique style, but others might feel overwhelmed."
4427,Can be overwhelming start with all of the training and fast starts
4441,other cities in US aren't paid as high as SFO. Joining balance is also fairly low for other cities.
4443,Not embracing cloud technologies as much as they should.
4452,Very few people know how to build good products Lack of good leaders in the organization Unfortunate hiring decisions and then leaders not being able to make tough choices has led to a lot of frustration
4458,Sometimes managers will not advocate for you.
4460,you have to really stand up for yourself and are in charge of your own future which can also be a pro
4464,"Too much emphasis on equality and diversity, is sometimes misused by some people"
4468,Lower base pay vs competitors
4470,"Company is getting bigger quickly, not making short term tradeoffs and continuously bringing in great people to maintain high standards will potentially present challenges."
4476,To much fun In the woke ple
4484,"Fast-paced. If you are someone that cannot handle constant changes, this isn't the place for you."
4516,You will be bombarded with equality and climate change campaigns. It's over the top in my opinion.
4520,"- The better you are at networking and being outgoing, the farther you can go. - It is an intensely sales-focused culture, and that can be frustrating if you want to contribute but don't aspire to be a salesperson. - Working with senior executives is hit or miss. Some are amazingly supportive. - - Others are bogged down and distracted due to top-down pressure from the President's Committee. - The closer your orbit is to the company's top executives the, more stressful you life is likely to be."
4531,new grads are just numbers in the greater scheme of things. focus on your good relationships. pivot when you need to
4540,"Marc is the only decision-maker at Salesforce. He will revert the decisions of tenured & seasoned executives, his ELT, or any C-team member in a second. This devastates the teams and people doing the work. Competency is not a criteria for C-level jobs. Marc's favoritism is. One needs only to look at the exodus of Marketing talent (at all levels) in 2021 to see the impact of his most recent CMO selection. With an army of talented leaders, but very limited opportunity for them to actually make decisions, the battle for ownership of the remaining work is more important than doing the work itself."
4542,With rapid growth comes challenges such as finding information and resources. Growth also means that things can be disorganized at times. I have heard some departments complain of workloads.
4544,Acquiring companies faster than they can effectively integrate them - Starting to feel more like an SAP and Oracle.
4548,"- requires a high speed and adaptability to the changing priorities, which might not be for everyone"
4582,NOTHING comes to mind! Culture so far seems amazing 🤩
4585,"Can be very stressful at month/quarter/year ends. Deadlines can be incredibly hard to meet - even when working with teams of some highly motivated and intelligent people. Generally speaking, people are very passionate which is great, but can lead to conflict if there are competing interests. This can be uncomfortable, but is something you have to get used to. Upper management is 50/50 on saying the right thing vs saying something completely tone deaf (though admittedly, this ratio is still much better than most places). Work life balance is often talked about and encouraged, but when push comes to shove, the work has to get done, and sometimes you’re left holding the short end of that stick."
4591,"I came into Salesforce like every rep, excited and eager to get my “MBA” in sales. Working here you’ll have to be prepared to give up everything just to stay afloat. In the first year you will most likely be given a terrible territory and what you do with it will decide your future here. Things you will need to juggle effortlessly or will lead you down the road of being let go are: - Activity- lots of calls. People who fib numbers here are celebrated by leadership but frowned upon by reps - Opp rigor- the amount of fields you will need to update are mind numbing - Pipeline- with a terrible territory be prepared to pipe aspirational pipeline that will be highly scrutinized - Prep meetings- there are endless prep meetings before calls. Due to schedules each person involved will require a prep meeting, leaving your day with little time for anything else. - Team selling- be prepared to sell with folks much junior than you and not held to as high of standards. If the deal falls through, it’s on you. There are a few coprimes that are skilled sales reps - Your “brand”- It’s important to maintain appearances, even on bad days. Your brand is determined by how involved you are in diversity, volunteer work, and leading the team, which requires tenure. -Manager 1:1’s- these are a trap to look out for. Salesforce preaches trust as one of it pillars, but beware that everything said in those meetings will be used against you when they have soured on you - Time management- working a 12 hr day is table stakes. There are endless distractions you will need to navigate and make hard decisions on “brand”/ appearance maintenance vs selling The work/life balance is very heavy on the work side. The exec team repeatedly say their biggest regrets are not spending enough time with family. This will never change if they don’t take it serious. There is a lot you can learn here but at the expense of your self confidence as some managers make you feel worthless when your awful territory isn’t performing. If that isn’t enough to make you steer clear, the pay is very low and less than 20% of reps hit their annual numbers The “Ohana” culture is a mirage. There is nothing remotely familial about the culture. It is an ultra competitive pressure cooker. I just had such higher hopes for my experience left disappointed..."
4615,Experiencing growing pains transitioning from growing enterprise to a mature global fortune 500
4630,"-Terrible onboarding and training for external hires. Literally expects you to just jump in and start closing. -Micromanaging environment. All they care about is numbers and deals closed. -Tons of politics involved to get promoted. All about who likes you and if you're sipping the company kool-aid mindlessly. -Low pay. Company is not competitive and relies on brand recognition to lure talent. -Territory cut in half and quota increased. Very few reps hit monthly number. -Sales processes and tools are limited and outdated. -Lack of diversity. Seems to be focused on women only with little energy on supporting/hiring more people of color within Sales org. In all Salesforce is a mature, ""stable"" company and isn't for those looking for an innovative, hip, diverse, and product driven environment. Also if you're looking for lucrative pay this definitely isn't the place. Beware."
4655,Becoming a highly political corporation
4656,Will take 100% of what you have to give in a world of constant firedrills
4659,Some incompetence at the VP/SVP level (some leaders lacking in some specific skills to be in their roles) Company focus on 'sales' growth vs retention and churn Seems to promote a very 'cookie cutter' type of person Seems like higher levels are focused on making themselves look good vs their team Promotions based on doing 1 thing well vs being well balanced Diversity exists a lower levels but not sure i see at the VP/SVP levels (lot of homogenous demographics/backgrounds)
4674,Large company so can't facilitate certain things if you need something niche to be done quickly.
4680,"Very fast paced organisation, we need to find our own rhythm to survive."
4681,High growth rate is always required.
4686,"targets; values, ethics; this is a Big company"
4688,Need to have more presales support
4691,Culture + Values clash and are not aligned.
4705,"Sometimes redudant when you are an SDR, but very interesting"
4712,Becasue it is very large company inter teams dependency can be hard and reduce agility.
4715,"I don't feel anything in my experience, except there is a monthly targets for the projects based on the Managers... And more over there are having too many unwanted meetings.."
4733,"1. BT org is not good to work for smart people 2. Management is not good here, promotions not fair."
4739,low entry salary/grade vs the same role in the US and no clear career path
4747,Complex global org to deal with
4749,"Fast-paced and although there are many support programs, one needs to learn to filter with the overloading of information"
4753,Sometimes your best interest isn't others best interest and you're caught in the middle
4758,"Not really a con, but it is a very fast paced, demanding environment - good to understand this and make sure it suits you before joining"
4766,Complex org structure can be hard to navigate
4781,"The company moves at lightning speed - which is not necessarily a con, but change is constant which is something you need to be prepared for joining the company."
4785,"Lot's of information when first joining, many people to network and align with to do your role."
4788,none as such if you here to gain experience.
4792,"- Change management challenges everywhere in the organisation. - Leadership issue with clear accountability and ownership, often too many layers created in the middle management and lack of understand of vision and direction. - Very tactically operate just to meet quarterly result. - Change management happen every fiscal year in my region, the goal and direction from a regional aspect is very fuzzy and keep changing. - Feedback given did not translate properly in the Great leadership methods. - Lack of fun, like it used to be."
4794,Complex org structure can be hard to navigate
4806,Salesforce does not invest in young talent
4823,"Unfortunately the on-boarding process, in my experience has been terrible. It is very much a sink or swim and sadly I had very little guidance on getting upto speed in my first 6 months which I feel has hindered my development. There is an opportunity to enable and engage new employees in a much better way. I didn't get to shoadow anyone for a week or two and 90% of things I have had to figure out on my own."
4835,"Change happens constantly, and sometimes it's uncomfortable, or jarring, even. You're not suited for Salesforce if you're looking for a cushy role where you can just 'settle in' and relax. The company is always evolving, and you have to be adaptable to go along with it. A large company also means that increasingly, more operational processes have been installed. Is it a pain? Yes, sometimes. But is it bearable in the grand scheme of things? Also yes."
4860,"As a developer, the career ladder is rather unattractive. It doesn't really feel like there's much that distinguishes people with the various titles, and in many cases it seems titles just reflect time with the company as oppose to meeting the ""requirements"" outlined in the descriptions of said titles. That said, there's not much emphasis placed on titles and I've never noticed any lack of respect between those in different places in the career ladder."
4862,"Boiler room mentality, customer success is more of marketing-Customers are harassed constantly to keep up with monthly close and cadence.No long term strategy in enterprise accounts and customers are getting fatigued by this behaviour-Micro managment who only care about monthly ACV in Strategic accounts -High turnover in upper end of strategic sales.-Terrible mid level management who manage based on fear over mid 40s experienced sales team for Carolinas and Atlanta-No work life balance"
4868,"This is not a company you can coast at. It is filled with A players, so if you're looking for an easy ride, this isn't it."
4872,It's a big organization so can be hard to get recognized.
4873,The culture can be a bit overwhelming. The place is under constant change and sometimes feels like there is no rhyme or reason and ignorance of the obvious; Although the company is 19 years old there still lacks a lot of process and procedure. It often feels like our CEO and some of our senior leadership they are more interested in politics than what is best for our company.
4876,Wouldn't be a con but very fast paced so must be something you are comfortable with
4890,"traveling time might be high, need on-call frequently"
4891,Wayy political. Expects you to work super hard. No clear career path.
4902,Work life balance can be tough to achieve given how competitive people are to move up If you are in platform team otherwise its good
4904,- bluntness - decentralized employee comms leads to some mixed messaging - trying to keep up with its own growth
4905,"The company is becoming Oracle 2.0. MANY high, and mid level Oracle execs moved in, and their culture is moving in with them. While politics are a part of any company, it's becoming heavier and more oppressive here."
4906,"Community culture or not, business is still business which means ultimately decisions will always get made for the business first."
4911,- You oftentimes feel like you're working harder than all of your colleagues - Promotions are oftentimes based on who's most effective at the politics game
4915,"The technology stack used for development is old in many of the projects most of the work is about maintaining an patching legacy monolithic apps. Policies are sometimes hard to find and understand. Make sure that you understand the policies when you enter this company (schedules, flexibility, wfh, if you are on work visa and want to start a PERM process make sure your type of visa is compatible with their policies for that concern), also make sure that you have good communication with your manager as different managers seem to understand the company's philosophy, values and policies in a different way."
4919,A very large organization. It can be hard to know where one is within the organization and politics
4926,the pendulum has swung towards the SI partner community.
4928,"- As most people are Remote, need to be comfortable with that setup and the lack of interactions. It is offset by plenty of video conferences - Really not a negative, but there are so many great people career progression will take time and not be overnight"
4957,Lots of ego and sometimes collaboration is a challenge. Decisions are made that sometimes don't seem logical and affect the success of individuals and teams.
4961,"group think, sales-driven, and oversold!"
4962,Success is strongly based on territory Coaching from management can be vary vague and high level
4963,"With a large group of very smart, very competitive people, you will occasionally run across people who think they're above you, regardless of what you bring to the table."
4966,Influence from other company cultures making pockets of toxicity within the company. Leaders who shouldn’t even be leaders allowed to continue and thrive.
4972,Very competitive and a lot of great talent. You need to advocate for yourself to get in front of new opportunities/promotions as opposed to being chosen strictly by your performance.
4973,"Lots of pressure to excel in this company, a great deal of competition and pressure. I thrive in that environment but it is not for everyone."
4979,-A lot of clueless legacy management (SVP & VP level) that lack business judgement and don’t act with interests of investors -Lots of marketing speak without real direction -Limited fast track for real talent -Focus on feelings to the detriment of business logic
4998,"If you're already very disciplined, have a strong presence and can articulate technical challenges in a manner that relates to business impact, salesforce may be too slow a path for you."
4999,- I am not sure what promotion opportunities/career path looks like for me at this time but with the speed and scale of growth I am hopeful for more opportunities for me in the future
5030,"Overwhelming information and excellent learning possibilities, however you have to focus again and again to become a Salesforce ninja in your core areas and then keep on going learning from minute one in every possible minute of your daytime otherwise your quickly lost."
5035,Things move at a face pace. It's not for everyone but I find it to be a lot of fun
5036,Extremely fast faced environment can sometimes overwhelming. If you are not good at managing your time and producing output quickly it will be a challenge.
5053,People can be extremely competitive.
5056,Politics and aggressive culture. Managers aren't well trained and sales trump long-term strategy or product direction. Values are inconsistently practiced depending on which area you work in.
5057,It is becoming very large and lots of people will struggle to feel the same excitement as they did when they joined.
5070,"Some high stress moments, but otherwise great-"
5076,"Salesforce is the most toxic organization I have ever worked for, and I've worked for a lot of organizations as both an FTE, contractor, and consultant over the past two decades. Trying to pare down what I want to warn others of is difficult. I'll just bullet it out and you can decide what would wear you down, disrupt your sleep, and leave you paranoid, the most. - 1:1s with senior management where the most hateful things are said about your character, etc., and then afterward, the manager acts as though it never happened. -Pressure to give Salesforce a glowing Glassdoor rating after less than 30 days at the company when you do not know enough to provide an accurate review. - No written reviews, something called a 9 box where management provides their opinion of you and tells you it exists but then says you are never allowed to see it, per H/R. - If you want to apply for an internal position, you must have your manager's permission first. If you tell your manager you want to apply for the role and he/she does not want to lose you, he/she just says, no, you do not have my permission. Game over, you are going no where. - If you are allowed a desk (many have to submit to hoteling and never knowing where they will sit day to day), no personal plants, photos, or non SF toys allowed. They want a uniform look to the desks. -Forced volunteerism, if you do not log your 50 hour minimum of volunteer hours per year, you will be shamed at team meetings. Doesn't matter if you have kids, sick parents, 60 hour work week, whatever, you are expected to make the minimum. -No criticism of Benioff permitted. And don't ever say out loud that you found it disturbing to see a laying on of hands and someone praying over him as though he were a prophet at an internal company meeting. Management will quickly remind you that he is leading the 4th industrial revolution and he is the leading mind of our time. -If you are managing young hourly employees, be prepared to be instructed that you are to tell them they MUST go to team dinners, volunteer events, and SF ""fun"" activities but this is not work, so they don't get paid. If you push back, you will be reprimanded for ""not being Ohana."" - Teams are run by popularity. Backstabbing, shaming, and shunning are used to get the teams to stay quiet about how bad things are. People who speak out about behaviors, lack of professionalism, etc. are labeled, ""unOhana"" and told that they are not acting like family. - When you interview and you take a position, there is ZERO guarantee that the role you interviewed for and were hired for is the role you will be doing. The management opinion is to hire highly qualified people, they will be so grateful to be permitted to work at Salesforce, they will do whatever job we give them. I kid you not, you may have more than a decade of experience, be highly technical, have managed teams, and be hired for a technical role, then be told you are going to do data entry level work and you will be glad you are permitted to be at this company doing that. -If you are uncomfortable participating in some public events, e.g. parades, events, etc., and SF is participating in one, there is incredible pressure to spend your weekend in the parade or event. The expectation is that Salesforce and its needs come first. I cannot stress this enough, you are told that Salesforce is YOUR family and your family comes first. A lack of loyalty to the company will get penalized far more significantly and quicker than complete incompetence, maliciousness, or even harassment. Salesforce demands absolute devotion."
5082,"extremely cliquish for new comers. Employees are lifers and move around departments with little to no experience in new roles, then ignore expertise of outsiders brought in. VERY cutthroat environment. Wants results yesterday with no regard to planning."
5088,The only constant here is change.
5095,"The pace is sometimes overwhelming, but no different than any other startup - still that mentality after 20 years. Benefits could be better. The peer certifications are exhausting and a requirement for going to the next level in all SE positions- some managers are less strict than others - pray you get one of those!"
5097,"Innovation means constant change - not all employees can succeed in the environment, it's very demanding. Chaotic environment, less experienced management team. Focus is on growth. Some infrastructure in place but it's not the priority."
5113,It's a competitive environment so you have to work hard.
5114,Fast paced environment - Must be a self starter.
5122,"It's Like College: there are a lot of bright engineers with wonderful, though impractical, theories, and operations often suffers due to a lack of people with more grounded, experienced perspectives It's Like College...you can even graduate early: If you're promoted, you're even more likely to stay less than four years, being a VP in operations is like being the drummer in Spinal Tap, you'll mysteriously leave one day and be replaced by someone else...who will also also leave under bizarre circumstances in 9 months It's Like College: when you make it to five years, you start to feel like all your friends have graduated and moved on, and you're the old guy telling stories about 2009 It's Like College: much of the technology the company uses was developed when I was still a university student It's Like College: there's a lot of unusual PR that's used to help sell the place to new recruits It's Like College...in North Korea: Your job is a dream! Post that to your Facebook and LinkedIn, and do it now!"
5127,"Very fast-paced, reactive culture may be difficult for some."
5133,"Sometimes pressure to be billable is in conflict with other values-- volunteer time, etc."
5134,"Your manager/territory/account list will have a huge impact on your success, so relationships are key to protect yourself on those factors."
5143,An atmosphere where things are always changing can present challenges in trying to keep pace.
5163,"The culture has changed, I joined two years ago and there was such a great air of optimism no matter who you talked to, now that air has been deflated from the company. It is quickly changing into a slow corporate culture."
5182,"Community culture or not, business is still business which means ultimately decisions will always get made for the business first."
5183,"If you are looking at Salesforce...stay away from the retail team. Leadership within this group is non-existent. Often times they talk out of both sides of their mouth. This is not a group that cares about the customer. They care about growth, growth and growth. Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods is a ""boys club"" plain and simple. If you are looking to join Salesforce, make sure you have a strong leader. and, ask to speak with other people on the team under the Regional Vice President of the team you are looking to join."
5187,Very Fast Moving High Expectations Competitive Challenging Big
5200,Since I'm not located in a hub office or HQ the visibility with management and opportunities for advancement seem less.
5202,"Things move very quickly and change often, hard to settle into anything since everything is always changing."
5206,"Fast-paced, very innovative. Great environment for someone who can think on their feet but not if you are not adaptive to change."
5208,Travel kills if you don't live in SFO city.
5216,Demanding place to work with high expectations - this is positive as well
5221,I haven't experience any negatives thus far.
5224,"I started out as a Technical Solutions Architect. 3 years into my career I ended up under a particular manager that, according to multiple sources, was not a great manager. I've told my story unbiased to several other managers and co-workers, and they ALL agree that I was really given a raw deal. I was never given any solid opportunities to sharpen my Marketing Cloud skill-set, and the opportunities I was given (working on Accelerators) I excelled at. Every feedback received from customers (via Accelerators) and co-workers alike was nothing less than extraordinary. However, none of this mattered for some reason. I've kept a document that noted every piece of feedback received just in case I had to have something to back my story up with. I feel, along with others, that my manager had a personal vendetta against me and was working to get me dismissed. I was never given opportunities to work on real Marketing Cloud projects therefore, couldn't really get some good feedback going from that perspective. I was given the bare minimum to work with and often, I was left without work to do. In the end, I got tired of this treatment and began looking for other opportunities that really valued what I brought to the table. If you don't have a great manager, then there's no opportunity for advancement. No real skill set sharpening opportunities either. Get a good manager."
5229,It's a really large company and all the complexities that come with the shear magnitude of the organization.
5231,Territories are tiny and it's becoming harder and harder to sell new products in to the installed base. You'll struggle hitting your # if your installed base has already consumed a large portion of the core product portfolio.
5234,Constant change - you have to love it
5240,"highly unstable from an org perspective - re-orgs happen every 6 months. Sales culture is the most dominant... I understand the importance of this, but it absolutely drives what and who are celebrated... unlike a google or facebook, it's not about how the product is engineered, but how it's marketed and sold."
5241,Harder to build relationships with your team since you won't see them face to face as much. Everyone can work from home. So many resources and tools you need to learn from. It could be confusing at first.
5261,"Products not integrated, heavily focused on marketing and not on innovation"
5272,"The trust team (security) at Salesforce has changed dramatically in the past year with the new management. Limited career advancement opportunities beyond appointed positions that seem to be exclusive to former Microsoft only. Training opportunities have dwindled leaving managers to have to fight for each budget line item. People are leaving the security team in droves, at least 2 a month for the past 6 months leave a massive culture shift."
5289,People trip over each other all the time - lack of job role clarity no work life balance - no boundaries hard culture - okay to openly be rude/condescending - leaders do it all the time
5296,"Ramp is very self-guided after the initial bootcamp. Gotta be a self starter. And that's FINE, but it was definitely not the expectation that was set with me during interviews."
5298,"The culture has significantly changed. A year ago I was proud and excited to be a part of the company. The Lightning release was a shining moment for how the company's culture can facilitate great things. However, there have been a number of changes over the last year that have slowly eroded the magic - starting with some of the new leadership. Our group has become more fragmented and less collaborative. There's more fear of making mistakes and the general sense of trust and support for our work from our leadership has gone way down. The transparency and access we had upwards is becoming more hazy largely because of layers being added. My autonomy and empowerment to make decisions is slipping away. Politics were always there, but now they're something you have to consider daily. You used to be judged based on the work you created and what you shipped, it doesn't feel that way anymore. Some of my favorite people have already moved on. Perhaps it's just the nature of a company growing this fast. There's not a clear avenue for safely giving upwards feedback for our group. My hope is that someone up top takes notice and makes corrections."
5299,"Extremely toxic work environment, especially at SVP and above. Watch your back at this highly political company. If your manager has been there 10+ years, you may look to reconsider working here."
5310,"Horrible, I MEAN HORRIBLE Middle Managers. Stay Away if want to keep your Sanity and Dignity. Depending on your manager, You can have NO LIFE! I am dead serious. I put in 12 hours a day, sacrificed my Life and Family time ... Gave Blood, Sweat and Tears ....all for nothing. No recognition and constantly ""beaten up"" or disrespected. Told that they want to focus on Employee retention but it is just ""Crap/BS talk"" so that Leaders can CYA. Pleaded with my group's leader for a transfer to another manager in his group but told to ""Suck it up and Deal with it"". Don't know WTF he is thinking with a response like that."
5311,"Salesforce promotes top sales reps to become manager, problem is most of them are the worst managers- just because they did decent in sales doesn't mean they can lead. Many have been there for 4+ years and rode the wave to the top. They networked in the good club and got promoted and the reps they manage are miserable."
5323,"People revere Marc Benioff a little too much Strange Hawaiian theme (Salesforce ""Ohana"", cheesy company theme song) Huge focus on the sales department, which can sometimes have a culture clash with engineering"
5328,The culture is becoming Oracle. The original salesforce culture is gone. Very political. Too much time spent managing perception and not enough serving the customer.
5333,"High stress High intensity If you are a top performer today, be prepared to re-adjust your personal/professional standards. Your best will more than likely only put you mid-pack"
5339,Extremely fast paced and high pressure.
5347,"Promotion paths and skills at certain titles vary drastically between teams, as do expectations"
5348,Quality of people declining Quality of culture declining
5356,"Its very easy to get stuck- company is growing much too fast and your own individual team is really ran like its own company, which is not always a positive. Extremely political- buckle up if thats not what your used to. Very hard to get in, and even harder to move around once you're here."
5368,Less of a Con and more of a challenge to be aware of: You will have lots to learn--even if you previously worked in the Salesforce ecosystem!
5370,"In my career at Salesforce, I saw many individual contributors promoted into people manager. While it's great for career development, unfortunately, in most cases these managers are unprepared to manage other employees. Taking manager training is not enough. Inexperienced managers become abusive and micromanager. They don't know how to treat their employees. Unfortunately, management allows this as long as work gets done."
5375,"Definitely some politics going on, but if you can find a good manager, you'll be protected"
5379,typical....really cool company gets really big and loses a little bit of its edge.
5381,"Office location culture does not match HQ culture, which is a big deal since that is the main reason for joining. Issue is around team co-operation and trust in people."
5383,Culture can be a little over the top
5388,Fast pace in a fast growing organization will challenge you in a good way so be willing to bring your A game to the job!
5389,"Big and sometimes confusing who has the right knowledge, Extensive on-boarding can feel like drinking from a firehose"
5395,"Lot of changes, politics in technology, expect more than usual from employees, if you have a large commute and kids to handle then you will suffer and feel hard to do *everything well, stocks will handcuff you so beware and move on if you are saturating"
5400,Sometimes feels like loosely organized chaos
5410,"- Parts of Salesforce is still old, so it may be hard to work in those areas. - Company changes constantly so if you want to succeed, you must adapt"
5415,"company has become too large. With so many people is hard to propagate a culture of trust, transparency and collaboration within all departments and teams"
5416,- Promoting killer salespeople to management doesn't breed the best leadership culture - Expecting massive growth YoY is a grind
5418,"I can't think of any, though cons could be perceived if you aren't comfortable with an extremely fast paced publicly traded organization. That's not an organizational fault, but solely a byproduct of how fast Salesforce is innovating to continue leading the industry and serving our clients."
5426,Salesforce is a large company and can sometimes get lost in the politics
5429,Still in my first year so there's not much I haven't found to be very satisfied with. As we grow and the industry consolidates my one concern is over extending on acquisitions that may negatively impact culture or cost more than necessary. Keep them strategic for our vision.
5440,Promotions are not based on delivery rather who know who.
5445,"Growing, company needs starting to overshadow employee needs. Also, the territories for Account Executives are extremely small and competitive, most Account Executives don't make quota. Hit or miss. Not very good training."
5447,"Fast-paced, very innovative. Great environment for someone who can think on their feet but not if you are not adaptive to change."
5460,"As a women working alongside Alpha sales males, I have come across more men at Salesforce than any other company in my work history, who think it's okay to be condensing and not respectful. There are different ways to manage men and women, and some of the sales leaders at SF don't have an understanding of the basic respect and cross collaboration it takes to be a good leader to a female."
5468,"A natural impact of the company growth is that there starts to be a ""big company"" feel when it comes to metrics and performance."
5475,"As Salesforce becomes a larger company it becomes more difficult to maintain a ""start up"" culture. Everyone is committed to making Salesforce a great place to work and as a result I don't see this as a big issue."
5476,Salesforce pace and speed is not for everyone. You have to bring your A++ every day and a stumble while permitted can be cut throat the higher up the food chain you go.
5484,"Very fast-paced, reactive culture may be difficult for some."
5485,It is a big commitment but Salesforce does a good job of bringing in people that are committed to the role.
5495,"Growing pains, the company is getting some of the traits of very big companies and loosing the start-up traits"
5500,"high targets, difficult promotion processes, low flexibility in changing markets / role"
5501,moving countries/transfers with the company are not easy
5520,old sales culture and can be aggressive
5523,"Joining during lockdown has been tough. No f2f meetings at all. I haven't met any of my colleagues yet, so there is a huge reliance on virtual technologies."
5527,"Growing pains, the company is getting some of the traits of very big companies and loosing the start-up traits"
5549,"-Managers are disconnected from their individual team members day to day job - won't know how to help you if struggling. -Extremely high targets and expectations during difficult economic times -You will work hard and exceed targets but most of the time this is not enough to get promoted -Needs way more structure to how to go about the role from the beginning, you basically sink or swim -Small compensation for creating large opportunities"
5560,- very target driven - pressure -
5562,Customer Success Group however is somehow seen and treated as second class in the company. Career possibilities within that group is limited and people management by management is not focusing on making people great to keep satisfaction high and attrition low. Turnover is raising but reasons behind that not taking care off.
5566,"Targets are very high and in most roles you're working on a saturated market. Prospecting is very difficult as you sometimes only have 3-10 accounts to work with in total, but the target seems to be created from a growth mindset where every account is going through a full digital transformation. Base salaries are relatively low (compared with similar organisations), so if you're not blessed with a great patch, you are going through tough times. The organisation is focused on selling, selling, selling, and less so on pre-sales engineer support or customer success once the deal is sold."
5569,Global company means taking part of meeting in a wide range of times.
5572,"no cons really , just keep in mind that this is a big American company"
5576,Too much pressure and competition in the industry
5577,"Large company, so it can feel like you’re a number at times. A lot of services are centralized (eg IT, HR) so it can lack the personal touch you feel in a smaller company."
5580,"no clear paths beside sales one, need to find your own way"
5595,Many teams and roles that are doing similar things
5601,Nothing i can think fo
5605,Encourage the experience people and give the support to the team
5606,Can feel like you're just a number
5607,Limited support from leadership and managers
5609,Our use is very good
5617,Can feel very much like a cult sometimes and promotion is political
5625,"no cons really , just keep in mind that this is a big American company"
5636,"Politics, promotions, not competitive pay, limited paths forward"
5653,- equity & pay can be more competitive
5655,"Big company, so sometimes you just feel like a number"
5676,"based on KPI, CSAt , not a dev role."
5680,"Poor management with no sense of leadership, have to manage up and be highly political which is tough due to the lack of trust and accountability. Most managers don't have an interest in developing, coaching or helping their team. They are paid on the performance of a territories growth and not individual success so as long as they are hitting YOY targets, which means they aren't concerned about individual success. Success is heavily dependent on the territory and winning the ""Salesforce lottery."" People seem friendly but are very exclusive with only your ""brand"" being the leverage you have for success-- even if you are performing well or the hardest working. If you are looking to move verticals etc.. you can easily be blocked by your manager if they want to keep you for their self-interests. The management has created a self-serving environment where people don't really care or want you to have a fulfilling career. You will be shunned and humiliated in front of others if you speak up. It is not encouraged to give honest feedback."
5682,relationship between business and IT is not good
5686,Career path is not well defined. Chance at promotion can be minimal on certain teams who have not changed personnel in a while. Sales seems to be the team that is constantly praised.
5689,"There are so many opportunities to learn and get involved in various initiatives, that it can easily take a lot of time from one's primary responsibilities."
5703,"Recruiting, finance, and other organizational infrastructure is not keeping pace with growth. Tension between freedom and control of product development (freedom is winning). Non-traditional scrum organization makes it difficult to level practices across Technology. People don't get the depth (and increasing breadth) of the technology because of the name salesforce.com."
5712,"Management not always well trained, and are compensated based on their own execution vs. their abilities as a manager. Politics Lack of communication within departments"
5713,"As one of 1,000 AE's, my territory hasn't gotten larger over the years, but I'm still able to make my numbers. It has become more competitive and account ownership between various segments has been increasingly political."
5721,Growth creates a culture and organization filled with constant change.There is general environment where you aren't allowed flexibility to work from home leading to feelings that their is a lack of trust between the employee and manager to act professionally.
5735,The culture of every man for himself is pervasive - there is a sense of fear among employees.
5749,- Priorities change - It is loosing its agile culture
5751,Feel like just a number
5752,"- Company is getting large, though it's also an opportunity to become a respected subject matter expert in multiple areas and collaborate with other smart developers - No LGBT group, for those who know what that is, though there are a moderate number of like-minded individuals working for the company"
5755,"Clear disorganization in middle management, lack of clear strategic direction for field organizations, lack of respect for employee work/life balance and lack of strong leadership at the mid-level"
5774,Very inexperienced top management. They seem to be mostly home grown with little experience working in the industry. Culture of back-stabbing staff and partners. Compnay vision is great but management is very political and short-sighted.
5779,"Very little team orientation - individuals want to be the superstar Immature management - lack of support, no prioritization of projects, constantly changing direction Managers do not value/appreciate individuals' skills and contribution Startup mentality - and the company is too big for that Chaotic environment does not always foster good thinking and decision-making"
5780,"One of the most stressful, high strung and political modern corporate environments outside of wall street...and it all starts from the very top. The CEO suffers from a big blind spot when it comes to running the company: he rules by diktat, asks for zero feedback, micromanages ad nauseum, and is a firm believer in the Art of War as management philosophy: his directs compete aggressively for his attention and approval and never openly disagree with him. He still runs the shop as if the company was a start-up and he had the insight to make calls on day to day minutia. Salesforce is quickly becoming internally bureaucratic and clunky; innovation, creativity and risk taking are highly discouraged. Long hours, zero respect for family or personal time (emailing and working on weekends and late at night is a widely accepted practice)."
5794,you are isolated in your world
5805,"Innovation means constant change - not all employees can succeed in the environment, it's very demanding. Chaotic environment, less experienced management team. Focus is on growth. Some infrastructure in place but it's not the priority."
5814,Communication in a fast growth company is difficult. You need to be proactive and take charge of your own career to be successful here.
5816,"If it is possible, the emphasis is a bit too much on the customer. There needs to also be a focus on creating internal processes and procedures that will support the desired growth"
5826,"Career feedback and coaching is non-existent. If you're in a non-critical role, you're fine. If you have people depending on you, good luck with getting insight on how to improve. As other people have noted, it's very much who you know and how you play the game. If you are connected to the right people, the path gets much smoother than if you don't. Hours are long and the work expectations are borderline excessive."
5831,growing too fast - mgmt isn't ready for it
5838,lower/mid management not always best qualified
5846,"The promotion path there can be very stagnant. As a fast growing organization there are continue new hires and the internal promotion path can take longer than what is originally discussed. Politics play a huge role in your career path. If your nto part of the ""club"" then your path is going to be a long one, even with success."
5849,Too many folks think they're alpha dogs
5878,HI growth expectations - super for very ambitious people.
5915,Ecosystem readiness always in catch up mode from capacity perspective.
5920,"Depending on the workgroup, finding genuine connections and feeling true belonging in the company is hard."
5925,Not the best leadership honestly
5926,A bit isolated that always communicate virtually with the team
5929,"Nothing to add, mostly positive experience"
5937,Pressure focus on sales 100%
5939,Increase the focus in moving fast
5950,Culture has changed for the worst
5953,No mentoring- everyone just wants the task finished. Career development stopped skills might not match the role Promotion process is not clear. low diversity atleast in India No executive connect/ exposure
5958,Internal collaboration can be challenging with conflicting priorities.
5970,Increase the focus in moving fast
5973,Too many AEs for limited territory.
5974,But everything depends on your team
5977,Upper management could be more empathic
5992,As in all large cooperation it is not always easy to find key resources internally.
6007,"Salesforce has very good pay and initially you may get really good hikes as well but in the long term if you decide to stay back, which the company will tempt you to do so, the pay increases might get smaller. Not really a huge concern but for somebody who expect heavy pay increases all the time would mind."
6016,Strong corporate culture can be negative at times.
6019,"There are less cooperativeness in the company, even though the company insists on ohana concept."
6024,But everything depends on your team
6031,Too many AEs for limited territory.
6056,organization is very large and in some ways decentralized
6063,"Seems to be more senior executives being hired don't personally believe in the values championed by Marc. A lot of focus with new management on rebranding and putting their stamp on the organization for the sake of change. Feedback is often requested, but there are boundaries to what can be said. One recent meeting a senior exec told their department to stop whining."
6065,Internal politics and lack of respect for WLB
6075,Relentless pace. You really need to be OK with this.
6078,New leaders how should have gone through thorough training
6081,A big hierarchy and don't get to see impact
6082,"Opportunity for advancement, management is not open to new ideas, and micromanagement"
6085,So many opportunities that it is sometimes hard to navigate a path
6086,We are getting really big
6097,- Opportunity to grow is limited based on which group you are in
6107,Lower and middle management leave a lot to be desired. They parrot the party line about opportunities within the company but go well out of their way to step on any efforts at movement outside of the team.
6113,"The group-think within Salesforce is great, but occasionally feels cult-like."
6134,Culture can be hard to adapt depending on where you join from
6139,So many opportunities that it is sometimes hard to navigate a path
6158,None really to share - don't expect this to be a startup
6172,"leadership, lack of guidance, no real culture"
6180,"Onboarding, support, communication, leads, pipeline"
6183,"Fast-paced work environment that if you are unprepared for, you may always feel constantly behind. Need to be flexible and adaptive as expectations while transparent are fluid and tend to change along with a lot of aspects of the role."
6185,It can be demanding at times
6198,"Salesforce is obviously massive, and with that, comes a lot of processes that are already in place. It is very tough to be agile in the company as any change requires layers of approval."
6215,"They will work you to death, but they certainly compensate you for it. Pockets of very aggressive and non collaborative people in senior level positions."
6218,"Politics, lack of trained managers"
6222,too short focused and does not value long term relationships with customers
6223,"-The days of rapid growth are over, some territories and accounts do really well, others struggle. There is a core group of Account Executives that make their numbers, for the rest its a revolving door. -Critical to success is getting a good territory and having a good manager. -Salesforce is in a fight to be the next platform... to do that they need to hit big sales numbers... its a war and there will be casualties. Don't be surprised if you are one of them. -Salesforce's own implementation of Salesforce is a Frankenstein disaster. Account data is a mess too. When I was given my territory I had almost three hundred accounts. After I went through all of them to see what was real I actually only had 40. It was a tremendous waste of time and makes it difficult to really assess the market opportunity."
6225,Lack of Inter-team communication and transparency
6232,"autonomy, at times I feel like another cog :("
6234,"Territory determines everything. Culture is not ""as advertised"" by the HQ in San Francisco."
6235,"We are growing super fast, so things change and move quickly. It's really exciting, but we change direction a lot."
6236,Become very political. Lots of CYA now.
6238,"- The only constant is change, you have to stay nimble."
6247,The most politically divisive environment I've ever worked in. More a collection of shires protecting their territory than a fully-functioning company. Most importantly--a non-viable product in a fast-changing marketplace.
6265,Constant change results in lost communication.
6268,constant change of senior executives and their priorities
6269,Resource constraints require you to focus on short-term urgent projects to complete versus being able to focus on longer term strategies and success.
6280,"The politics of the UX team have changed for the worst within the last year. Attrition is so high, people have left the team in droves. Management seemed to have wanted that so they can clean house. People are dispensable and not invested in, and it had become a culture where speaking your opinion isn't appreciated, especially in a public forum and especially if it differs from what the leadership thinks. Significant lack of trust in the abilities of most of the designers ( except for the chosen bros ) If you like taking orders and being told what to think this place is for you. If you believe in changing the world, you won't do it here. And don't even think about unconventional design thinking. That's reserved for the designers who are ""smarter"" than you."
6286,Success is strongly based on territory Coaching from management can be vary vague and high level
6290,"Low moral, if you don't live in San Francisco they act like you live on Mars"
6292,Limited opportunities beyond HQ without extensive networking; Oracle is taking over
6293,can be a very political landscape. it is a boys' club and you have to fit in to advance
6295,"If you fit in the culture, than all is good. If not, might not be the place for you."
6297,Lacks diversity Not many negatives though
6305,"company has become too large. With so many people is hard to propagate a culture of trust, transparency and collaboration within all departments and teams"
6311,-Territories are not always equitable -internal politics -management needs to be more flexible.
6314,Culture is changing to be too churn and burn. Feels like SF.com is becoming Oracle
6328,"The arrogance, and the Oracle culture that is taking over."
6334,"Loyalty of leadership to staff, which used to be in the ""Pro"" category, is a thing of the past. It's rapidly becoming a ""throw anyone under the bus"" culture as people jockey to gain favor with the new layer of management. Some of the new senior layer of management appear inept and wholly unsuited for the task."
6335,"Far too many exes are arriving from Oracle and bring aboard their ""people"" and firing everyone not from Oracle to make room. The culture, that attracted a lot of top talent, is now being killed. Quarterly reorgs are the norm and territories are re-swizzled for no apparent reason every year. 401k match is really low."
6343,"bit volatile , but a good thing.."
6345,"Things are growing rapidly which means lot of change, so if you aren't comfortable with this, it may not be the environment for you."
6347,People trip over each other all the time - lack of job role clarity no work life balance - no boundaries hard culture - okay to openly be rude/condescending - leaders do it all the time
6355,- Lack of clear career path and development after goals are identified
6359,"Over the last few years, bureaucracy and politics has definitely started taking over. HR is overly cautious and concerned about lawsuits so managing poor performers out of the business can be overly arduous. Also with the influx of the Oracle sales team in the last few years, the core focus of making the customer successful is getting lost in the 'just close big deals' attitude."
6364,"Very, very fast-paced environment. Decisions made on the fly and often without regard for the consequences. Should spend more time identifying good vs. bad managers. Easy to see who runs the show (sales)."
6382,"-New sales culture, so in formative stages of growth -Tools that salespeople use are not well-refined, and could use improvement. -Not really a con, but interesting to get used to any method of talking to customers, skype, video chat, IM; rarely use the phone!"
6385,"Structure, career development (lack of)"
6398,"Base salary is lower than competitors, company has become extremely political and rule-bound. Very little room for advancement."
6403,"- bad work/life balance - working in G&A is not valued - leaders earned promos based on who they know and how they self-promote rather than quality - ""art of war"" mentality - boys club/female leadership minimal at best - titles are very similar to old school banking; there are so many layers of VPs it's mind boggling"
6423,Company growing too fast which leads to communication breakdown
6430,Lots of ego and sometimes collaboration is a challenge. Decisions are made that sometimes don't seem logical and affect the success of individuals and teams.
6436,small territories that take a long time to cultivate
6448,Takes time to get approval
6450,- Rapid growth and change has blurred career path - Most opportunity is in San Francisco; Need more opportunity outside to reflect a global company - Growth has challenged culture
6451,High growth rate leads to challenges around internal resources
6452,"We've ignored our weak side too long: poor capacity planning, rewarding a few managers who have a 'work 'em to death"" strategy or focus on their own career to the detriment of the team, and a noticable loss of strong clear vision will become bigger problems as cloud computing matures."
6457,Need more resources with ambitious goals
6458,"The culture in marketing is dog eat dog. If you want to make a difference or actually enjoy your work, don't go to Salesforce. There is so much self aggrandizing and so many people who are fighting to rise above each other, you can't relax and just do your job. Too many people trying to do too much. It is like a sweat shop. Expectations are over the top, too. CEO thinks way too highly of himself, and it feels like he's a cult leader instead of just a good leader!!"
6468,"Political, corporate, RVP's can make or break you, accounts get re-shuffled every now and then, territories shrink, you are only as good as your accounts. There are Re-Org's where, leadership, accounts, support, and resources ALL change. For Example: SMB, MM, and Commercial Account groups- unless you are on the high-end (New people and leadership there too) you are subject to a ""Sweat-Shop"" style of work, It never stops there...for even the most senior sales people. They push you down, to a lower level them where you are, and make you earn getting back to where you were. A lot of smoke and mirrors, there was a Re-Org and I know if at least 10 people who left SFDC because of it. They are hiring and growing way to fast. Becoming just like the company that they make fun of all the time ""Oracle"". It's become a political and very corporate ""Suit Type's"" environment. It's a good old boy's club in NYC, and the talent is not that great. (All the talent is in Field Sales, and a few in Commercial here and there) Management is really corporate, and not that talented, picks who makes it and who dosent. IE: Backgrounds from Paychex and ADP, other payment companies, I mean, come on. All follow each-other, super cut-throat, and competitive, and not in a good way."
6470,"Marc runs the show -- everything else is secondary after Marc, the largest customers make the rules -- SMBs lose has become much more political over time -- executives have their own agendas vs. doing what's right for the company sometimes the constant change can be frustrating and draining"
6478,"The company resembles a cult. The employees bow the cult of the CEO and sing their praises of him at every opportunity. The company is undergoing growing pains as they try to adjust their internal systems to the companies rapid growth. As such, chaos reigns throughout IT and related support departments. Management appears clueless as to how to handle the situation."
6485,"The company moves at such a very high velocity, it is hard to keep up, but when you see the distance you make from competitors its worth it."
6494,"Huge corporation, lack of autonomy, big teams for each account"
6501,the eng. culture isn't very strong.
6506,"Most places are political nightmares. Managers are not trained and only care about back stabbing and getting ahead. You get ahead based on who you know, not your performance. As a person of color I look at the EVPs. 50 shades of white."
6511,Career growth is not the strongest .
6520,"Huge corporation, lack of autonomy, big teams for each account"
6522,Needs better transparency around promotions.
6531,There is constant change because Salesforce adapts to market conditions quickly.
6533,The only con I can think of would be that the company has grown so much and so fast that it's hard to keep the startup feel.
6537,"With scale, the culture is changing a little bit"
6552,Stress management is difficult in my role
6558,"Never ending sprint, short memory"
6575,The culture is a little bro-ey
6577,company is large so size is a factor
6578,they demand you to become a better version of yourself and that may be tough for some people to be who don't like change.
6581,"Teams can be at odds in their own specific interests and what would benefit one, would be a time sink for the other"
6583,fast paced environment and vague direction at times.
6589,"Learning opportunities are limited, and promotion timelines are subject to change."
6591,Too much of hierarchy being build recently
6602,every client meeting = salesforce army
6621,People are stretched in their roles and hours can be long
6624,You need a lot of self-discipline
6627,"Fast paced, never stays the same"
6631,"Work culture is siloed, although senior leadership is great the CEO leaves a lot to be desired, at times it feels like a ""drink the Koolaid"" culture"
6633,You have to learn how to work the system in order to be successful which isn't all bad but for sure a lot of grey area in BDR.
6634,"Culture does not encourage employees to be authentic, instead puts pressure on everyone to have a strong “personal brand,” however as far as I saw the majority of people just adopted the same sales-y brand. Collaboration was not easy because teams were territorial and defensive. Felt like people were always watching their backs or backstabbing to get ahead (and this area in particular always scores low on the internal employee surveys). No visibility on how performance is measured and how promotions are decided. Find myself in meetings where everyone’s saying the same thing just for the sake of saying something and getting visibility. And these are the people who are rewarded. Marc Benioff is out of touch. When you keep harping on about “Ohana” but then layoff thousands of employees during a global pandemic when you’ve been reporting major YoY growth, it shows your true colors. I get it, it’s a business. But don’t pretend otherwise. It’s so fake. All this is to say that Salesforce has a very very very strong sales culture and it reflects in its employees. If you can drink the cool aid and go with it, great. But if you value authentic colleagues who genuinely value team work, trust, and collaboration - it’s going to be tough to find here."
6639,Hard to grow your career!
6660,"Frequent reorgs, lot of M&A activity"
6662,"Though leadership promotes mental health and taking time off between mandatory trainings, meetings and pressure to constantly work you'll never use your PTO Advice to prospective employees is get multiple people's perspectives of the company culture if that's important to you"
6665,Extremely large organization means work has a tendency to become compartmentalized. Your responsibilities will be much narrower than they would be at a comparatively smaller company at the same level
6671,"I'm what is affectionately referred to as a ""boomerang"" (an employee who leaves and returns) and I have to say, I am incredibly disappointed in the company that I returned to. Yes, the pandemic has changed the way we do everything but honestly 95% of the company worked 90% remote before the pandemic so what I'm currently experiencing cannot possibly be as a result of the pandemic. The culture used to be people oriented where you could bring your whole self to work. You could count on a face paced environment but very clearly direction on objectives. You could expect leadership to be focused and thoughtful in their plans and direction. No more. The company still pays lip service to ""Ohana"", equality, and our values. However we have increasingly promoted really good engineers into leadership roles -- senior leadership roles to boot -- who have little idea about what it takes to be an effective leader. The company is disorganized and entirely focused on delivering everything yesterday that there is no room to focus on ""Ohana"" and taking care of the people in the process. Marc no longer is an active, visible leader in the organization. That falls mainly to Brett Taylor who seems content on turning Salesforce into Google. If I had to do it over again, I wouldn't have returned."
6688,Lack of visibility around promotions/internal mobility
6706,lots of growth and change within the organization. Really depends who your manager is and what experience they have - that'll dictate your success more than anything.
6730,Massive and constant change in orgs
6742,"Hypergrowth sometimes is felt by the customers, as sellers move on and can't foster relationships."
6752,lack of transparency with executive leadership
6755,"The company was getting too big. Lots of acquisitions and not enough organic innovation as in the earlier days. Also, sometimes the culture and diversity message went over the top and became borderline propaganda."
6757,"- Can be bureaucratic at times being such a highly-matrixed organization - Although innovation is a core value, company size can interfere with ability to be super nimble and agile for certain departments at times (but this not unique to Salesforce, most large companies struggle with this) - Hard work is rewarded, but you also have to be diligent about establishing your brand and getting visibility with those who have power to help advance your career. So if you are not comfortable advocating for yourself and sometimes shouting your wins from the rooftop you may not want to work here. This is very true in Marketing, perhaps not all other BUs. - While diversity is a core a value, Salesforce like most tech companies are not as diverse as they think, so something to keep in mind if you're a minority. They are, however, making HUGE priorities around DEI initiatives particularly with recruiting efforts."
6760,"Very large, Complex Organization, politics"
6769,"1- I was surprised by how much politics are brought up, mentioned or discussed. It is very obvious the leadership has liberal/democratic believes and so do many of the employees. I personally like to avoid discussing politics so I find it really uncomfortable. 2- It’s such a big organization that it takes a while to understand how it is structured and your career path options. 3- The Management layer seems to be there to check a box and doesn’t seem to really be trained or given the tools to train and develop their team. I report to someone that does a different role than mine and every time I ask a question related to my role they refer me to a peer in my role cause they don’t know the answer."
6770,Internal politics and lack of respect for WLB
6777,The pressure to perform is intense. Very high expectations
6778,"Extreme Pace of Change/Growth (actually a good thing) but be prepared to embrace and contribute to change on a daily basis. Actively drive your path in this diverse, network based organisation and you will find massive opportunity to grow."
6782,Being part of growing team means lesser growth opportunities after certain extent especially technical roles.
6786,"Fast pace environment, not for everyone"
6796,Very few Sales people are successful
6806,"At the same time, the culture can be overwhelming and difficult to navigate."
6813,- Can be high pressure in the beginning - Dublin location is not ideal
6828,"Some processes need to be built, but that's an opportunity that I see."
6833,Everyone is ambitious so path to lineal promotion can be blocked. Will the feel good factor disappear if growth stagnates?
6834,- Still thinks it is a start-up. Some processes still immature for such a large company - Sales environment is still unhealthy in places despite best efforts. There are a few well rounded leaders. - Pace is relentless at times
6837,"Not a start-up anymore! Less potential for getting what a fast growing company has to offer. If you were starting your career here 10 years ago, you would be in a great place now"
6841,"Despite not wanting to acknowledge this fact, Salesforce is an incredibly political company to progress in. There is a heavy process around advancement, the main activity being developing your own brand. This involves gaining sponsors at various levels and promoting yourself (sometimes unashamedly) heavily throughout the business. This 'brand campaigning' is by definition political. It is also biased towards those that have the time to commit to it. It is largely dependant on a full and present management chain and those who are actually fully active making a difference at their customers, or who are under resourced and performing multiple roles to serve their customer, do not get the chance to 'seize the opportunity that Salesforce states that it presents. The result is that the talent in the business feel undervalued and the promotions go to the people who have shouted the loudest. It is a real shame, Salesforce isn't the company that I wanted it to be."
6843,"Company is growing rapidly, so culture could start to trend towards that 'large enterprise' feel."
6846,Over all culture of sales engine in India deteriorating. Becoming hardcore Sales organization therefore losing core culture value. Management need to be more open to employee.
6850,If you are a woman you will spend years trying to break through the extremely tight knit boys club. What makes it even harder is the PR about women completely contradicts the experience of many women who work here. The boys network will actively exclude women and block them as they fear they will do a better job. Mostly male leadership teams and now great women are leaving and being replaced by men.
6861,"Fast paced and can be messy at times Very strong HQ (San Francisco) centric focus Remuneration outside of sales is market competitive, but devaules the ops contribution"
6863,"* Unless a VP you are a very small fish in a very large ocean * Unless you embrace all facets and say the right things to the right people, you are a number. * Making change is extremely hard. * Sales is the only focus. Dont be fooled otherwise. * If you are male and middle aged you wont progress. (I fully believe in gender equality)"
6867,- Growing/ scaling challenges (which is good sign) - To many stakeholders involved for decision making
6870,"- We do not live by the rules and values we portray to the world unfortunately - Constantly hiring new sales reps, with existing sales reps having fewer and fewer accounts. - The vast majority of sales reps do not reach their quota (Its good business that they don't). - Promotions only occur for those that have a friendly relationship with senior management, if you're not in the inner circle don't waste your time. - Quarterly driven business - Senior management will always have a say and at times take full control of your deal altogether (and that's because they trust you, imagine if they didn't)."
6879,- the immense growth bringt the danger of becoming a static and inflexible IT company like the other in the market. I don't see that currently happening though.
6880,I think they can develop company more in terms of infrastructure in Hyderabad as the demand is high.
6884,Could have better training for adminscx/
6889,"We are going through crazy growth in all locations and especially, Hyderabad, where will be growing from 1100 to about 3000 by 2020. Need to focus on infrastructure needs like seating etc. However, ""Growth"" is a nice problem to solve!"
6891,Not enough diversity in leadership
6909,"- Everything is on Chatter, gets a little annoying as people want to outshine one another by boasting on Chatter - Very competitive, tough for promotions - Can get political as with every organization"
6911,"Keeping up with everything. Very fast paced. You can easily get lost. Required learning path, certifications and badges for your role can be tough. High pressure on getting certified starting on day 1!"
6928,Over all culture of sales engine in India deteriorating. Becoming hardcore Sales organization therefore losing core culture value. Management need to be more open to employee.
6931,- Downsides of extreme growth. Hard to keep up with new products. Hard to onboard all the new colleagues
6957,"It can be a very competitive environment, not necessarily in a positive way. Naturally, as the company grows it becomes less able to hold onto the small-startup culture that it once had. If you fit in, you fit in well but if not it can be a lonely place to be. Work-life balance is very much a work-in-progress."
6958,"- We work hard, so you need to be aware and appreciate this"
6968,Growing company with face pace - Changes could be constant
6971,"In Salesforce, it can be quite difficult navigating the direction that you would like to take in your career. In my experience, it's been mostly a minefield when it comes to career advice. It all depends on your manager."
6991,Heavily matrixed organisation that has grown very fast. Can be political and inefficient. You work very hard. Competitive.
6995,I am yet to come across a con
6998,"The ""best place to work for"" and ""ohana culture"" may be true for other countries or departments, but a big lie in Singapore Sales Development team. The management team is unreasonbale and sometimes even rude. The worst part is the politics. Because of that, more team members spend most of their time making their managers and director happy so that they can steal other people's effort instead of working on their own without being penalized."
7019,A cut-throat environment/ dog-eat-dog world.
7029,The fast pace can take time to adjust to.
7033,Lack of transparency when discussing career path
7049,Rapid growth means constant change - some may struggle with this. Internal systems struggle somewhat to keep up with the growth and constant innovation - we should be drinking our own champagne. The larger we grow the more careful we have to be about preserving our unique culture - this needs to be managed top down and newly hired leaders need to be on board.
7058,There is very high expectations
7061,Environment. Employees abuses the freedom
7067,"Very fast changing environment, sometimes hard to keep up"
7071,Growing company with face pace - Changes could be constant
7073,"training, care, challenge, respect for people just what I was looking for"
7076,Difficult to find career path.
7078,Its pretty hard keeping up and the volume of information is huge and does not stop. As the company grows its becoming a little more difficult to navigate Dizzying array of communication channels to deal with.
7105,"With great benefit, comes great expectation. The targets are always increasing, while territory sizes are decreasing - although with the growing arsenal of products to sell (through innovation and acquisition) there is always plenty of opportunity."
7106,"Very US centric, expected to be Salesforce to the core"
7121,"Work life balance is a real challenge, it's a high pressure environment, very demanding, always-on, real-time reactions expected on everything. Failure is not an option. Salary is good, but the rest of the benefits are weak versus other big software companies. On-boarding for new hires (if no direct experience in selling CRM/Salesforce) is very challenging, steep learning curve."
7130,"Fatigue, silos, politics, too many cooks in the kitchen, lack of trust, not so ohana, over processed, values not really true day to day - good on paper."
7131,Politics. Lack of team play. Originality and innovation not encouraged. Very hierarchical structure.
7139,Work pressure to an extent. Career opportunities are limited.
7140,"If you are confident in your confort zone only, SF is not for you"
7141,"* Unless a VP you are a very small fish in a very large ocean * Unless you embrace all facets and say the right things to the right people, you are a number. * Making change is extremely hard. * Sales is the only focus. Dont be fooled otherwise. * If you are male and middle aged you wont progress. (I fully believe in gender equality)"
7142,"Need to be a self starter and be able to navigate your way, with minimum oversight. No one will come and tell you do these set of things in this way. You need to figure out yourself"
7144,No Cons as of now. Salesforce is a very aggressive company when it comes to promoting their brand value and there might be high pressure on employees to deliver their best.
7150,- High pressure environment. Can be very demanding at times
7151,"- A lot of brainwashing. All you hear and see in the office is them being the #1 at everything they do. At some point, I am wondering if employees really feel happy or if it is just because the rankings are saying so. Please note that you also have to learn by heart a presentation in order to be able to anyone how great SF is. - HR is not mature in Europe. It is quite concerning to not have direct HR support for each country and that you need to log a ticket on their intranet platform. A real person would be nice to have to discuss real/ important life matter - If you don't work in Sales you might not really feel considered by the company. - Getting very corporate and political.. A sad feeling"
7157,"Political, onboarding(first 12 months) are hard, more corporate than they say, not for everyone (you really need to be able and willing to keep changing in your role, in teams and opportunities are fast paced)"
7159,"Easy to get lost in such a fast moving company, have to pick your area and dive in!"
7171,It is a very fast paced company - things and organization is often changing and can seem a bit chaotic at times Tough targets to reach
7172,"How to top this company in the future, when looking for next career move. Also not all employees are sent to San Fran for bootcamp, which is a shame. Was blamed on budget and not ""required"" for role. Where I have seen other new starters who are in similar roles going to San Fran. I have already witnessed some confusion in the direction we going in, where the Senior Management are making all the decisions and not consulting how the wider teams feel about changes, or their opinions. Would be nice to see the London SF Tower have a canteen built into it, most major companies have one then why not SF."
7173,"Always on, really fast paced and intense."
7175,"Fast paced and can be messy at times Very strong HQ (San Francisco) centric focus Remuneration outside of sales is market competitive, but devaules the ops contribution"
7182,Growing pace makes target more challenging
7189,"poor training, high pressure, office not friendly"
7190,"Shy culture, greetings are not commonly seen."
7192,Very few experienced managers and very little regard for the individual or work/life balance. Internal culture often more about show than substance.
7204,USA focused. Suffers from slow moving tech. Trying and failing to stay agile with a plethora of startups chomping at its heels.
7207,Growth at this scale is a challenge in terms of org structure and career development. The company is addressing these while steaming ahead with growth. This inevitably will not lead to a perfect solution but that is the whole part of being in a growth business.
7209,more of a bpo culture too much pressure
7211,It is sometimes difficile to keep it’s private life alive. There is always pressure and need to be at 100%.
7212,too many senior employees who love to have their ego's stroked and back-stab others Culture & Values - lip service and for a PR benefit
7233,- So many parts to the company that different clouds feel like a different business - Quite slow paced if you're used to start-ups - A lot of beaucracy - Difficult to feel involved if you're a remote worker
7242,Need to be ready to learn a lot in short period of time
7248,"Weak middle management, needs more training for younger and new managers. Bond between senior management is too strong at times which leads to lack of transparency and fairness."
7251,"The organisation is based on open collaboration and it could be difficult at time to adjust and frustrating when only few colleagues play the game honestly, but that's human and everyone has their priorities which could be difficult to balance at times."
7254,None experienced in my role
7256,All of latam market is managed from Mexico
7257,"Company is changing every 2/3 years so you need to embrace these changes if you don't want to be ""lost"""
7262,I don't see any concerns in working here. As long as you work hard rest will be taken care of automatically.
7271,"-Culture is shifting away from employee and customer first to growth targets first -New processes are added my management every month. -All autonomy and self-governance has been taken away -Becoming more like a call centre than true strategic business development -Management has clearly become detached from the realities of the job their direct reports are doing -Morale and any emphasis on fun has all but disappeared -Only company I know where if you promote to Account Executive, you can often end up earning less money due to terrible commission structure for closed business."
7273,"I couldn't really think of any. Of course, there are always challenges in your daily work, but you have a lot of resources and support to overcome those. From that perspective, I couldn't think really of kontras at the moment."
7279,"lots of information, events and media --> prioritization can be challenging sometimes"
7282,Everyone is ambitious so path to lineal promotion can be blocked. Will the feel good factor disappear if growth stagnates?
7284,"- a lot of initiatives in different areas, sometimes feel a lack of coordination - lack of reliability in internal project management execution"
7294,"- very HQ and Sales centric company. Opportunities for advancement beyond Director usually require you to move to San Francisco, if you aren't in sales. - like any company with global teams, you often find yourself working very long and odd hours."
7306,"Work life balance is difficult to manage, relentless pace of execution can leave you questioning your longevity - can be very cliquey in certain business units"
7308,Global company poses frequent challenges - even small changes can be difficult if there is a need to do them on a global scale
7314,"This is a demanding, hardworking company. You must be ok to work hard, continuously learn and be comfortable with frequent changes."
7315,"If you don't maintain boundaries, it would be easy to drown under the workload. It can be hard to prioritize and the pace of change is so rapid, it can be hard to keep up. There's a strong focus on W-L balance, but sometimes it feels like lip service."
7318,too many senior employees who love to have their ego's stroked and back-stab others Culture & Values - lip service and for a PR benefit
7324,Full on - can be intense at times. difficult to maintain work/life balance (of own choice) company can be quite reserved at times when it should be bolder.
7327,"- Despite what is promised repeatedly, there is no real possibility to change department when you're in a career path, especially in sales. - Very high pressure and targets in Sales - CONSTANTLY monitored: Salesforce is the leader in cloud CRM and knows very well how to use its tools to control its employees every single activity and everyday actions, can be quite annoying at times - Uneven between markets: mature markets have a very easy life compared to less matured markets (in monthly targets, promotion criteria, visibility within company, etc.)"
7332,"The management, especially in the technical support team doesn't back their team and never try to understand the challenges from the team's perspective"
7344,"- a lot of initiatives in different areas, sometimes feel a lack of coordination - lack of reliability in internal project management execution"
7345,- Focuses on US as its base
7353,"technologies bound to only salesforce eco system, too much bureaucracy"
7357,"Salary, we agreed on moving forward with the conditions but I think it's important to offer people a competitive offer of what they have in their actual job. Money is not the most important thing but it is important."
7358,"Many phone calls, tough preparation for the presentation."
7359,Less career opportunities in brazil. It should have more oportunities to outside peopple.
7360,"No clear company direction. Strategy and long term vision are kept to the senior management and tech visionaries. The rest of the company just has to learn and get up to speed after technology/products are launched. Salesforce is a sales company, not enough emphasis or attention goes to Support/Services."
7366,"you need to understand the culture to navigate your career, not always completely transparent"
7377,"Success is not exclusively based on skill. As they say here it's based off of timing, territory, and talent; in that order."
7381,"Must carefully prior your actions to achive business goals, opportunities are infinite but your time is limited"
7385,Intensity level of growing at current pace and scale is not for everyone
7394,Difficult to standardise territories to give individuals an equal chance of success.
7403,"1. Problem in hiring due to brand value - We need to increase brand value of Salesforce to attract best talent in India. 2. Some rules are not common across globe in Salesforce and thats confusing sometimes for example WFH, paternity leave etc..."
7405,"Initial stage as a service consultancy. You have to find your own way. LACA region is pretty new and needs a lot of external expertise to build itself. Although it is necessary, it is still like a Frankenstein of methodologies and approaches that vary with management and teams."
7408,Overly positive American culture can be a bit much at times
7410,- no easy lateral movement in SF
7414,"You need a good work-ethic, be professional and effective, and take care of yourself. It is easy to get lost in work."
7418,great growth expectations put high pressure
7419,It is required to be agile
7429,"Salesforce CSG team(Vlocity) is worse than start-up. I joined couple of months back with very high hopes and tons of excitement but resigned without completing a year because of their work culture, rude & arrogant managers, no work-life balance, micro-management, no process in work, and many more. They don't follow the Salesforce standard. Before you join this team ask people over LinkedIn already in this team. Once you join your life will be hell for sure"
7437,"The culture in latam is not the best, lack of diversity and women in leadership."
7443,It is a Competitive environment
7444,Conflicted Culture. People being promoted in advance of experience.
7450,"Dashboard Managers Micromanagement New reps are not setup for success, handed the worst territories and still expected to perform. Managers live in the past - talk about the days they crushed quotas, when everything was inbound, ignore the reality. Under pay for the market 'because they are Salesforce and can get away with it' Very heavy in-office culture and they struggled hard to adapt to WFH and remote onboarding Sell the Salesforce Way - most clients don't buy the Salesforce way..."
7455,"Applicable only to India team and for the time period this review is written for, - Non technical, director with no salesforce certification and poor knowledge of salesforce products and business. - The above makes this individual a poor leader for a technical team. Under this leadership, the India team has a sluggish growth to their careers. - Unrealistic targets and workloads are set for the team which led to long working hours and high pressure high stress work environment. - Work done here is boring, low impact and repetitive. There was no career defining work in this team for the time this review was written. - Management is a bully, openly threatening and humiliating team mates. Several incidents of this have occurred. But employees are too frightened of retaliation to bring out the issue. - Top down policies and decisions. Team mates have no voice and have to follow all decision leadership makes. - High stress environment created by an autocratic leadership. - Team is expected to work long hours and weekends. - Team are heavily monitored and micromanaged. Egs if you do not clock in by 9 am you will be called out in an email, in a public meeting and reported to HR. - Management is indifferent to creating career growth paths for its team members who do not want to become Solution Engineers. - Limited slow promotions, terrible hikes and highly gated pathways for internal transfer. Management claims that Demo Engineers are highly regarded in the company, yet demo engineers are not top choice for internal transfers, in India. - The leadership of India team creates unofficial policies that are against the overall organisation policies. Examples are non-reimbursement of failed attempts at certification. Use of whatsapp as an official communication channel, tho it is explicitly banned by salesforce. - Skip levels are highly discouraged. These are a threat to India management, in case of whistleblowers."
7458,"-It is very big, and if you are not someone who puts yourself about a bit I think it could feel quite anonymous -the pace of change is frenetic - which is fun too - but sometimes I wonder if they are changing for change's sake rather than focusing on real innovation"
7470,- a bit of an echo chamber
7471,Can feel a little anonymous as it's grown so much
7473,"Work is monitoring only , Scope of learning is very less."
7484,Info overwhelm at times and high pressure for more senior roles
7491,"Salesforce has very good pay and initially you may get really good hikes as well but in the long term if you decide to stay back, which the company will tempt you to do so, the pay increases might get smaller. Not really a huge concern but for somebody who expect heavy pay increases all the time would mind."
7495,Success depends on territory alignment
7497,KPI's for sales/renewals sometimes clash which makes managing those relationships difficult.
7514,Sometimes the tools can be more reliable
7539,"Extremely metrics-driven and you are at the mercy of your territory, which can change annaully."
7544,"Very fast moving, lots of change, some confusion. Broad portfolio of products and solutions makes it hard to stay across everything."
7546,There are not so many challenges
7556,"Fast path environment. Change is the only constant. Not necessarily a bad thing, as the product is always evolving and you need to be on top of the changes, but can be exhausting."
7565,Tech is not exciting Not meant for hustlers
7567,"Targets are very high and in most roles you're working on a saturated market. Prospecting is very difficult as you sometimes only have 3-10 accounts to work with in total, but the target seems to be created from a growth mindset where every account is going through a full digital transformation. Base salaries are relatively low (compared with similar organisations), so if you're not blessed with a great patch, you are going through tough times. The organisation is focused on selling, selling, selling, and less so on pre-sales engineer support or customer success once the deal is sold."
7572,No cons if you are outgoing and like to network with people
7574,"It is a big global organisation, and the culture, methodology and language takes some time to assimilate."
7579,Singing off the same sheet Leaders conform to media trends and thus everyone pushed towards the same
7588,"Sprinting, complex, regional divides, sales led"
7590,Can be relentless and metric-focussed
7599,- territories can be unequal for opportunity - promotion process is lengthy
7602,Highly aggressive work environment at times
7607,Constantly changing management can be hard to achieve results in a short-term.
7610,"None that I can think of right now. I just started and I'm sure there will be hiccups along the way, but I'm confident that SF will support anything challenging that I face."
7612,Depends on the territory it will be difficult to achieve the target.
7613,It is fast-paced if you cannot self navigate and orchestrate internally then you will find it difficult to keep up. Balancing the fast pace and demand that the role requires is challenging at times to allow you to have work life balance
7624,"Constant change, but that's life in sales anyway."
7625,Pressure High targets Quite intense No other cons W
7645,"Constant change within the org. However, this is normal for a company growing as rapidly as Salesforce, especially in the Canadian market."
7648,Senior management have a poor understanding of what happens on the ground
7653,Large org makes it tough to meet with everyone
7654,"Mean girl clique - if you're not in the 'in group' and interested in always telling everyone how great you are and what wonderful thing you're taking credit for that someone else did...well, you're no-one. So many tiers of management, so many VPs and SVPs trying to justify whey they're there, it just gets exhausting. You can't quite see the termites, but the underlying rot has set in and been reinforced by all of the Oracle and Microsoft intake. The 'leaders' love talking about 'who they are as a leader (without seeming to understand you're only a leader if someone wants to follow you through choice, not reporting line). Talk of values is kind of funny - everyone loves to tell you what their values are, but ask them what that looks like when they're 'living their values' and they all pretty much draw a blank..."
7657,"Big company, you will become a number"
7662,None as long as u have the right mindset and approach the day with growth mentality
7666,Politicking for promotions is common Very American centric
7671,"Big cooperate, processes take a lot of time"
7681,Promotions can be hard to get. One needs to really showcase good work consistently along with good visibility outside of team.
7690,Sales is stressful but that’s anywhere. You’re hired for a reason so the expectation is you can execute and close business.
7691,- change is the only constant so you must be comfortable being uncomfortable
7692,-just a number -not always recognized
7695,Too many managers worrying about getting ahead and looking good vs focus on clients and employees. Degrading behavior and not recognizing or acknowledging different experiences and views. Only select few making money
7702,"your success is predetermined by your territory, timing, and talent (in that order) you can often feel like just a number in the company versus management honestly caring about you, your goals and your well being not often transparent about the future of your career path unrealistic expectations with unattainable monthly quota metrics (only ~20% hit their annual quota)"
7704,"The executive leadership team at Salesforce exemplifies the values they espouse and they truly believe that the world can be changed by business. Unfortunately, the values that are core to our belief system (doing what's right for the customer, trust, etc.) do not filter down to the actual sales process. There's a tendency to encourage customers to do things unnatural to their buying process, all in the interest of making the month. You will subjected to immense pressure here. The company, to their credit, has tried to emphasize wellness with meditation rooms in each office, etc. But much like volunteer time off, I know very few sales people that have time to enjoy those perks outside of offsites. With only 50% of AEs exceeding plan, your success depends entirely on timing and territory. AEs who have not missed their number in years come to Salesforce only to fail because the alchemy involved in assigning quotas. There's a reason why so many AEs turn over after less than 2 years. It's unfortunate as the company really wants to do well in the world. The"
7726,"- Staying motivated can be tough in such a fast paced environment, but they encourage you to utilize your benefits and lean on your team"
7740,"While the west coast may be working on meeting Marc's lofty goals, the midwest(specifically midwest CSG) is swiftly becoming the white male centric world. Women are not staying within various roles within CSG in growing numbers and it's becoming very obvious that this is a white man's world. If you read the Chicago Tribune this weekend, you will not that more and more diversity factors(black, Hispanic, etc) are leaving for more favorable areas from every company, not just SF. If anyone would do the data analysis for CSG Chicago, warning bells should go off. The executive leadership is slowly but surely driving women out of their workforce vs embracing Marc's culture."
7741,"Most of the cons can be summed up by growing pains. The rate of growth at times creates confusion and certainly poses organizational and system challenges. Salesforce is future focused and perhaps doesn't always take the time to look back to evaluate past performance, instead preferring to move on to the next big thing. The result is that sub-optimal processes don't always get corrected. As the company has grown, a lack of focus on small details results in some areas of the business suffering until something serious occurs that draws attention to it. Salesforce is unabashedly a Customer Company. When given the choice to pivot to Customers, Shareholders, or Employees, the company will always choose Customers. This has resulted in the past with some haphazard and poorly though-through HR decisions. Lots of Employee-related initiatives seem to be thrown together at the last minute."
7743,It's incredibly hard to get hired here & the interview process can be lengthy. The dynamic nature of the company may be hard for those who don't do well with change.
7750,"Boiler room mentality, customer success is more of marketing-Customers are harassed constantly to keep up with monthly close and cadence.No long term strategy in enterprise accounts and customers are getting fatigued by this behaviour-Micro managment who only care about monthly ACV in Strategic accounts -High turnover in upper end of strategic sales.-Terrible mid level management who manage based on fear over mid 40s experienced sales team for Carolinas and Atlanta-No work life balance"
7754,It's a really large company and all the complexities that come with the shear magnitude of the organization.
7758,Quality doesn’t matter much Management can’t be trusted
7778,Lack of growth opportunities within the company
7782,Large organization you will never be able truly grasp how the company as a whole operates and what your specific impact is. Corporate policies are very set in stone so there is little room to innovate with non-standard asks.
7798,"Highly complex organization. Organized chaos. If you haven't worked at major software firm, and if this is the first, you risk being blown out of the water in complexity of the selling structure, and sheer volume of knowledge to absorb quickly."
7802,"Fast-paced, Lots of meetings, Too many acronyms!"
7804,"Salesforce is the most toxic organization I have ever worked for, and I've worked for a lot of organizations as both an FTE, contractor, and consultant over the past two decades. Trying to pare down what I want to warn others of is difficult. I'll just bullet it out and you can decide what would wear you down, disrupt your sleep, and leave you paranoid, the most. - 1:1s with senior management where the most hateful things are said about your character, etc., and then afterward, the manager acts as though it never happened. -Pressure to give Salesforce a glowing Glassdoor rating after less than 30 days at the company when you do not know enough to provide an accurate review. - No written reviews, something called a 9 box where management provides their opinion of you and tells you it exists but then says you are never allowed to see it, per H/R. - If you want to apply for an internal position, you must have your manager's permission first. If you tell your manager you want to apply for the role and he/she does not want to lose you, he/she just says, no, you do not have my permission. Game over, you are going no where. - If you are allowed a desk (many have to submit to hoteling and never knowing where they will sit day to day), no personal plants, photos, or non SF toys allowed. They want a uniform look to the desks. -Forced volunteerism, if you do not log your 50 hour minimum of volunteer hours per year, you will be shamed at team meetings. Doesn't matter if you have kids, sick parents, 60 hour work week, whatever, you are expected to make the minimum. -No criticism of Benioff permitted. And don't ever say out loud that you found it disturbing to see a laying on of hands and someone praying over him as though he were a prophet at an internal company meeting. Management will quickly remind you that he is leading the 4th industrial revolution and he is the leading mind of our time. -If you are managing young hourly employees, be prepared to be instructed that you are to tell them they MUST go to team dinners, volunteer events, and SF ""fun"" activities but this is not work, so they don't get paid. If you push back, you will be reprimanded for ""not being Ohana."" - Teams are run by popularity. Backstabbing, shaming, and shunning are used to get the teams to stay quiet about how bad things are. People who speak out about behaviors, lack of professionalism, etc. are labeled, ""unOhana"" and told that they are not acting like family. - When you interview and you take a position, there is ZERO guarantee that the role you interviewed for and were hired for is the role you will be doing. The management opinion is to hire highly qualified people, they will be so grateful to be permitted to work at Salesforce, they will do whatever job we give them. I kid you not, you may have more than a decade of experience, be highly technical, have managed teams, and be hired for a technical role, then be told you are going to do data entry level work and you will be glad you are permitted to be at this company doing that. -If you are uncomfortable participating in some public events, e.g. parades, events, etc., and SF is participating in one, there is incredible pressure to spend your weekend in the parade or event. The expectation is that Salesforce and its needs come first. I cannot stress this enough, you are told that Salesforce is YOUR family and your family comes first. A lack of loyalty to the company will get penalized far more significantly and quicker than complete incompetence, maliciousness, or even harassment. Salesforce demands absolute devotion."
7818,"Too large for their own good. Too much focus on metrics and not enough focus on micro culture and fostering long term relationships. There's an inevitable aura of competition that is felt, yet not said."
7821,"There is a lot of movement, people do not stay in roles for a very long time"
7835,Cons: Internal politics prevent fast promotion. Promotes are based on tenure more than performance - mostly.
7862,"Very fast moving and need to keep a quick pace, which can be too much for some people, where others thrive in that type of environment. Employees seem to want to impress leadership rather than challenge or manage up. Leadership are like celebrities and are treated as such."
7871,- I am not sure what promotion opportunities/career path looks like for me at this time but with the speed and scale of growth I am hopeful for more opportunities for me in the future
7876,"People revere Marc Benioff a little too much Strange Hawaiian theme (Salesforce ""Ohana"", cheesy company theme song) Huge focus on the sales department, which can sometimes have a culture clash with engineering"
7879,"Innovation and growth requires effort, constant change and refinement. Some may look at this as a negative but most here find it exhilarating."
7886,Highly politicized environment where loyalty is not rewarded
7889,Growing pains as we become a mature company
7895,"-Lots of products on the platform (also a Pro) but as reps we often get pulled in a lot of different directions with promotions. It is imperative to take focused approaches to your selling so you don't get overwhelmed -This is quite a large company so it can sometimes feel as though you're a small fish in a big pond. However, the Chicago Hub still has that homegrown, startup feel to it"
7898,"If you are looking at Salesforce...stay away from the retail team. Leadership within this group is non-existent. Often times they talk out of both sides of their mouth. This is not a group that cares about the customer. They care about growth, growth and growth. Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods is a ""boys club"" plain and simple. If you are looking to join Salesforce, make sure you have a strong leader. and, ask to speak with other people on the team under the Regional Vice President of the team you are looking to join."
7903,"I wish I had started sooner. No but really, it's a big company and trust is the number one value so there can be more red tape than with a small company. I love this place."
7906,"While the W/L balance is ok, it all depends which team you are on"
7935,Can be very San Francisco centric Adherence to corporate values diminishes the closer you get to the top
7936,"The pace is sometimes overwhelming, but no different than any other startup - still that mentality after 20 years. Benefits could be better. The peer certifications are exhausting and a requirement for going to the next level in all SE positions- some managers are less strict than others - pray you get one of those!"
7945,"The relentless focus on 25-30% YoY growth requires that Salesforce maintain a culture of bravado, bluster, and hype - and, too be fair, much of it well deserved. But, in recent years, that same bluster permeates internally creating a more political (and I found threatening) culture. The Solution Engineer role became almost entirely Sales, and very little about technology. 'Art of the possible' is a common refrain. 'Imagineering' is another go-to buzz word. Or, more directly, 'Don't talk about products; paint a vision' is a constant theme."
7949,"You are just a number. If your ACV isn't where it needs to be, you are only as good as your number of Call Connects and Pipeline Generation that week. This company lives and dies by metrics, and if you are not showing up well on their dashboards, you will be ostracized."
7956,"Very gossipy, culture of promoting those who rose through the org together, tough being an outsider, core values may get lost as they grow."
7964,Some growing pains as the size of the company is increasing.
7976,Regular issues you face at a large corporate like company. Not very easy to move up but there's still ample opportunity.
7977,techniques are not that interesting
7986,Headcount is growing rapidly and at times feels like youre losing the community feel the company is known for. Could be difficult to maintain company culture.
8014,Need to be more cohesive on product strategy. Still a feeling that if you're not at the mothership (in San Francisco) you miss out on a lot of opportunities and not totally a part of the company culture.
8015,If you are not invested in your career then Salesforce is not the place for you. There is always something to learn and you still need to do your day job.
8023,Not very strong presence in Latin American companies
8049,"*AEs getting pinched on territories WW *Management is bringing in the ""Oracle 10 legged Meeting Methodology"" *Very political"
8051,It can definitely feel like you're a cog in a very big machine. It's very easy to feel lost or have your supervisors lose you.
8059,"Very Political, Environment of bulling by the ES senior team. Im competent ES team."
8060,"You'll be worked to the point of exhaustion on a regular basis and down time to recuperate does not exist. One of the most arrogant work cultures I've ever experienced, people are much more concerned with being right, than in finding solutions together. I don't think I've ever worked at a more self centered, egotistical, backstabbing culture in my life."
8061,"It's Like College: there are a lot of bright engineers with wonderful, though impractical, theories, and operations often suffers due to a lack of people with more grounded, experienced perspectives It's Like College...you can even graduate early: If you're promoted, you're even more likely to stay less than four years, being a VP in operations is like being the drummer in Spinal Tap, you'll mysteriously leave one day and be replaced by someone else...who will also also leave under bizarre circumstances in 9 months It's Like College: when you make it to five years, you start to feel like all your friends have graduated and moved on, and you're the old guy telling stories about 2009 It's Like College: much of the technology the company uses was developed when I was still a university student It's Like College: there's a lot of unusual PR that's used to help sell the place to new recruits It's Like College...in North Korea: Your job is a dream! Post that to your Facebook and LinkedIn, and do it now!"
8072,"You create your own way at Salesforce. You must be confident in your strengths and self aware of your weaknesses. They will not create that path for you, you have to do it. For some that is great, for others they need that plan laid out. Management can only help you so much in that. For a company growing this fast there are positions created everyday. You must have patience and savvy to find the next right role for yourself. Management will guide you, but you own your career. There isn't a defined path. You aren't always going to know all the options available. It's a very fast paced environment. For everyone to work together they must communicate well. This means seeking to understand, asking the right questions, and being flexible. In sales this requires confidence and humility, not arrogance. Egos can get in the way if they aren't controlled. This takes a team."
8077,"IT org is a mess, most managers don't care about employees, no vision of follow through from leadership, everything is marketed as a success no matter how screwed up, honesty is not valued."
8087,Work life balance can be tough to achieve given how competitive people are to move up If you are in platform team otherwise its good
8093,"Resources, supporting cast of pre sales and leadership are just as important as selling ability at salesforce, ratios are often fluctuating and can have a negative impact on individual sales impact."
8102,"If aren't passionate about working here, it's going to be tough for you to stick."
8106,"Some of the worst people managers I have ever worked with. It's a selfish, entitled, hero culture, no one cares about developing their teams. They are just looking for their own promotions and encourage others to only think about their own career advancement."
8108,Too many tools to learn and takes time to learn environment .
8115,-sometimes you feel like you're drinking the kool-aid. (sometimes the kool-aid tastes really good!)
8119,- No career path - you make your own career. This is hard if you are coming from other established companies - No fixed promotion cycles
8123,Politics rule here. Performance is based on how well you play political games. 100% a boys club and HR will not respond to harassment complaints.
8132,career advancement seems to be more political than merit based
8133,"-Lots of products on the platform (also a Pro) but as reps we often get pulled in a lot of different directions with promotions. It is imperative to take focused approaches to your selling so you don't get overwhelmed -This is quite a large company so it can sometimes feel as though you're a small fish in a big pond. However, the Chicago Hub still has that homegrown, startup feel to it"
8139,Smaller Territory and Comp plans really got bad fast.
8143,Takes time to get approval
8146,Because of the speed of company growth people are being promoted into Manager and Director roles that quite honestly aren't ready to manage people.
8151,"But everything is built on empty promises and software that doesn't actually work or get implemented. Salesforce was supposed to be a different kind of company, but it has become Oracle! We talk about customer success but no one actually cares about customer success. We care about signing big deals and pulling a fast one on the customer. This is going to catch up to the company eventually! Men get promoted if they are political, kiss up, and stab people in the back. Women get promoted if they sleep with the right men."
8180,Shrinking territories and increased quotas. Monthly cadence and unrealistic expectations from lower management. Focus is on monthly deals and not long term strategic relationships outside of the enterprise group. Closing deals is more important that happy clients.
8195,Very Fast Moving High Expectations Competitive Challenging Big
8214,"Low moral, if you don't live in San Francisco they act like you live on Mars"
8217,"Your manager/territory/account list will have a huge impact on your success, so relationships are key to protect yourself on those factors."
8223,unnatural sales pressure to sell subscriptions- ACV sales reps do not typically stay at salesforce more than 2 years company has grown via acquisitions and many of the acquired cultures clash Not Stable- accounts and managers are constantly changing making this a challenging place to stay long term and build a career.
8225,- Engineering/tech are not the main focus
8231,Constantly growing... leads to an ever changing environment.
8237,Constant pressure to follow corporate message
8245,"Senior leadership doesn’t always make good decisions, don’t always act on values and principles. Constant re-orgs."
8250,Being a remote worker can be tough as you are a bit on your own to build relationships in a fast paced environment.
8252,"We have grown quickly, but it doesn't seem like things are out of control. I have worked for start ups that grew too quickly and felt like the company was ahead of itself. ExactTarget seems to be in control every step of the way. We need to ensure this continues."
8255,"You better be organized, driven and accountable. People fail fast here."
8262,"Licensing and contracts are ""heavy handed"" focusing on the interests of Salesforce and largely disrespecting the interests of the customer. A stark contrast to the very public and even aggressive ""Social Fairness and Inclusion"" mantra of the CEO and most others in senior leadership."
8282,Salesforce operates using proprietary frameworks that are only used within salesforce. There is quite a bit of learning curve and take a while to master. This can slow down your growth prospects since you would have to spend a couple years simply to understand the ins and outs of the environment while at the same time competing with the engineers who have been around for way longer and have what is called the 'tribal knowledge'
8291,Expect sales to sell licenses like a vending machine when trying to play in the Enterprise world. Having run rate is important but doesn’t leverage the skill set of the more seasoned sales team.
8295,Overwhelming depth and breathe of solutions tough when just starting
8299,"I mean...it's hard to know where to start but I'll try to do my best. First, a lot of people talk about career and promotions - and how there's little to know transparency about the process, nepotism is rampant and the like. The company knows this, which is why ES has done away with giving performance reviews. Now, instead of being clear on what exactly you need to do to move up the chain, they're putting this on you. The result is that many people get promoted solely for political/favoritism , and people who actually have technical skills can get lost if there is no one mentoring them on how to play the game. And as other people have mentioned, employees do get rated by their managers every year, but they never see the results of their evaluation. The typical ES response to this will be ""Salesforce is not for everyone"" - but this should not take the place of transparency around the promotion process, especially in a company that touts itself on being transparent in every other way. The whole situation is a really messed up way of dealing with the fact that there are too many talented and driven people here. Work life balance, especially in regional roles, is nonexistent. During a regional rotation, I was actually paid less than my San Francisco salary per our mobility policies, but I was expected to lead projects in San Francisco AND the regional location. The result was 15-18 hour days, 6 days per week. Even though I discussed the concerns I had with my manager, their response was the typical ""Maybe Salesforce just isn't for you."" The situation did finally get better after I sought legal advice, and realized that this type of working structure was actually illegal per the local environment. However, it was clear that the escalation was seen as politically incorrect, and the regional rotation quickly became a dead end with no career growth or development. I was lucky enough to find a team in San Francisco that was willing to take me as a way out, but I share this as a cautionary tale for anyone considering taking on a similar role. Make sure you have a good local attorney, as many teams at Salesforce are predatory, and see the rotational experience as a way to get you to take on more for less money - they will retaliate against you if you try to escalate concerns about your work environment (and on the other side, try getting anyone in San Francisco to take a call before 8am or after 5pm, and people will act like you're crazy - it's a complete double standard). Salesforce is going to start offering more and more roles like this outside of San Francisco to reduce costs, so be sure you know what you're getting yourself into and how you'll be supported if you take one of these on. Operations are a complete mess with many groups doing the same thing, each one trying to assert themselves. Ever since I've been here, there seems to be a focus on wellness, though this gets rebranded time and again as different initiatives. The end result is that people are super driven from 8-5, but cut corners so they can make it to that 5:30pm yoga class. I'm not saying people should work 24/7, but this is an example of how Salesforce and its culture often embody mixed messages (grow grow grow but make sure you have a balance). The result is a lot of groups who say ""This isn't my problem/I'm not owning it/Find someone else to talk to."" In a matrixed environment, this becomes really frustrating - especially as the company has gotten so much bigger. Ultimately, the Company is becoming larger and more bureaucratic - many employees are not receiving raises this year because the company wants to focus on bottom line growth at the expense of its people. At some point over the last 10 years, my day became 100% focused on managing the politics as opposed to creating value and focusing on work I enjoy. Because of this, I've decided to leave Salesforce after a long ride. It's bittersweet, but kind of like that song - ""You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here""; the writing is on the wall in terms of where this company is going - the culture has is getting more and more eroded with the growth. As a final word of warning, I will just encourage all potential candidates to take Salesforce marketing with a grain of salt. Salesforce is one of the only companies I know of that has an internal marketing team who is tasked with trying to tell you how you should feel about the company. Yes, it's true - they have done a lot of great things, but usually the motivation behind it is much more about showing how this initiative is part of the Salesforce brand, as opposed to genuinely providing assistance to someone or some organization that needs help."
8301,Strat is a high stakes game and not for the faint at heart. Expect to deal with challenges and adversity. This is almost not a con as I would expect anyone coming into this role to know how to deal with this and succeed. There can be politics across Sales and Success. However using one of the key pillers of Trust and maintain transparency and you can weather the storm.
8311,"highly political and stressful environment, extremely slow progression in career"
8314,Lots to learn Growth can lead to diluted culture
8318,"- Company is getting large, though it's also an opportunity to become a respected subject matter expert in multiple areas and collaborate with other smart developers - No LGBT group, for those who know what that is, though there are a moderate number of like-minded individuals working for the company"
8322,"It's extremely fast paced so be prepared to train and work from day one. However, I will say the resources are available to succeed. Just be ready for the challenge."
8324,"The promotion path there can be very stagnant. As a fast growing organization there are continue new hires and the internal promotion path can take longer than what is originally discussed. Politics play a huge role in your career path. If your nto part of the ""club"" then your path is going to be a long one, even with success."
8325,Communication in a fast growth company is difficult. You need to be proactive and take charge of your own career to be successful here.
8336,"The culture is that of a big company, and success here is what you make of it. Nothing will be spoonfed, and it is up to the individual to sink or swim. Training is barebones(so seek out resources, and self motivate yourself to learn!), and many sales environments are hyper competitive. The organization is so big that there are redundant processes and internal politics, meaning that success here requires excellent externally facing and internally facing skills(or perhaps an opportunity to develop both for those starting their careers). For a company of this size, I don't think it is possible to avoid the aforementioned cons; that said, new employees who have only worked down or mid-market will need to adjust to a big company work environment, and won't receive much in the way of guidance as to how best to accomplish this."
8357,"Too many products can cause internal sales challenges and creates a shark tank like environment. Trust is listed as #1 value; in my experience, company values ACV more than trust. Don't expect to hit your number and have work / life balance."
8358,"- as with any large company, your experience will really be dictated by your manager - your success is more dependent on who you know / how long you've been at the company versus performance and potential - disconnect b/w upper management and average employee"
8367,"If you're looking for a start-up environment where you can write your own rules, a large publicly traded Company like Salesforce is not the place for you."
8370,"Highly complex organization. Organized chaos. If you haven't worked at major software firm, and if this is the first, you risk being blown out of the water in complexity of the selling structure, and sheer volume of knowledge to absorb quickly."
8371,* It's very political-- make the right friends * Clique-y-- sometimes it feels like high school * Smaller territories-- they keep shrinking-- and the quotas keep rising * Compensation is decent but not competitive with a lot of offers for similar roles in the area (but if this is an issue-- see my pros-- you won't have a hard time making more money elsewhere) * Can feel a little boiler room
8372,"The company is growing rapidly and it's tough to be in the loop on big decisions. Salesforce pivots to stay current, so if you can accept change, then you will fit in well here."
8373,"But everything is built on empty promises and software that doesn't actually work or get implemented. Salesforce was supposed to be a different kind of company, but it has become Oracle! We talk about customer success but no one actually cares about customer success. We care about signing big deals and pulling a fast one on the customer. This is going to catch up to the company eventually! Men get promoted if they are political, kiss up, and stab people in the back. Women get promoted if they sleep with the right men."
8375,"It was a small company that has quickly become large and still growing, but expectedly from an organization, process, and integration perspective it hasn't caught up yet. This leads to some things being harder to get done. This is natural though, and likely will improve."
8383,"After my long tenure and many Dreamforce conferences, I'm nearly fried. To say the culture is fast paced and the focus is always changing is an understatement. The reason Salesforce always seems on top, and chasing the latest trend, and in the press, is because employees are expected to run harder, carry more, cheer loudly, and pivot constantly. It's the world's biggest startup in behavior. But at the same time, with the recent influx of top career sales leaders from Oracle and what appears to be a board-level mandate for doubling revenue, employees are being asked to do even more with even less, fill higher quotas with smaller territories, less help, and the big company bureaucracy is rearing it's ugly head. Worse still is the politics. When you hire a bunch of smart, aggressive people, and put them in an environment of outsized expectations, throw in a bunch of re-orgs and changing management, and sprinkle with uncertainty and constantly changing priorities, you inevitably get people back stabbing each other and throwing others under the bus to appear smarter and more worthy of promotion. The few at the top will get very, very rich. The rest will lose the sense of personal ownership and start to wonder why they've given up health and family"
8392,Extremely fast faced environment can sometimes overwhelming. If you are not good at managing your time and producing output quickly it will be a challenge.
8397,"Things move incredibly fast. If you can't keep up, it's possible you get overwhelmed."
8401,Being a remote worker can be tough as you are a bit on your own to build relationships in a fast paced environment.
8404,"Lots to learn and absorb to be fully ramped, company has a clearly articulated point of view on social issues so people who disagree may have their assumptions regularly challenged."
8411,"Big and sometimes confusing who has the right knowledge, Extensive on-boarding can feel like drinking from a firehose"
8417,"Hard to think of a con....... More of a concern: as Salesforce continues to grow, will it be able to keep it's focus on the customer and maintain it's amazing culture"
8419,"Management are given too much power to determine who will succeed and fail. Managers will choose favorites and provide them with 5x the amount of accounts (150-200), while others are given (20-35) and they fail. Timing, territory and talent (in that order) determine success, but I’ve watched too many qualified candidates be “coached out,” while managers can’t staff a full team. Also the pay is low compared to our competition."
8424,"crazy political; not all for one and one for all, but rather, all looking out for number one; sales culture has made everyone else into 2nd class citizens; higher-than-average comp doesn't pay for how embittered one becomes as a result of this environment"
8438,"Being apart of such a big company, it is sometimes hard to see or feel the impact you make. I'll always feel like a small fish in a very, very big pond."
8439,- Very fast paced - Growing geographic footprint is hard to overcome during travel freezes
8449,Make sure that everyone at home is ok with the travel as it can be hard to predict...
8461,"Sometimes pressure to be billable is in conflict with other values-- volunteer time, etc."
8466,I cannot think of anything. I am proud to be part of Salesforce's journey into the next phase of its leadership & growth.
8491,"Long long long hours, team collaborations can be purely professional and lacks personal touch. Not many team events, lacking camaraderie."
8494,Numbers pressure and depends on what territory you get
8504,"competitive, may lead to clashes with leads, but this happens extremely rarely."
8507,Hard work People focus on targets see
8512,there are not much promotion opportunities
8514,"There is ALOT of training that occurs through Trailhead, majority of which isn't specifically focused on the job at hand"
8516,Leadership makes interesting decisions that can lead to job redundancy.
8522,less control over engagements can have a lot pressure at times massive difference in treatment between services and sales parts of the business can still need to mature Constant restructuring
8529,"Some time work-life balance is not so good , especially in Support role"
8542,Corporate Politics are strong and evident
8543,It is becoming a big giant and therefore could be a stopper for individual growth in the future
8563,"Can be Californian centric, but working to improve regional accountability"
8581,"Fast paced, can be a high stress environment"
8601,The future of salesforce is in his past. Zero respect for candidates
8622,- The market I cover is tough
8635,management becoming more and more like oracle sales don't follow process
8641,"Difficult to achieve targets, processes keep changing each year, lack of job security due to cuts to the success management team in early 2020, difficulty in retaining talent (due to changes each year), role has become less and less consultative and more and more ad-hoc servicing a various range of requests from stakeholders within the business and customers externally, it seems that the changes are always out of everyone's control"
8662,"Experience might differ between teams, depending on managers. As the company grows bigger, it's more difficult to maintain the same great culture among the people. Direction from HQ in the US is often irrelevant to the current situation in Asia"
8681,"Big company, so sometimes you just feel like a number"
8694,Be culture but great people
8695,"There really are not many cons, if you don’t like a competitive environment or fast paced you may not enjoy it"
8705,Too many politics No career progression & development Management is not taking feedback to make things better but just to maintain the status quo Management focus too much on hitting their own quota without looking to develop the talents and skills of the contributors
8713,"Mean girl clique - if you're not in the 'in group' and interested in always telling everyone how great you are and what wonderful thing you're taking credit for that someone else did...well, you're no-one. So many tiers of management, so many VPs and SVPs trying to justify whey they're there, it just gets exhausting. You can't quite see the termites, but the underlying rot has set in and been reinforced by all of the Oracle and Microsoft intake. The 'leaders' love talking about 'who they are as a leader (without seeming to understand you're only a leader if someone wants to follow you through choice, not reporting line). Talk of values is kind of funny - everyone loves to tell you what their values are, but ask them what that looks like when they're 'living their values' and they all pretty much draw a blank..."
8729,moving countries/transfers with the company are not easy
8732,Hard work People focus on targets see
8741,Larger targets and smaller territories every year
8743,"high targets, difficult promotion processes, low flexibility in changing markets / role"
8749,It is a large organisation so as a Graduate it can be hard navigating
8752,"high expectations, monthly and quaterly driven, senior mentality,"
8777,"JP office is extremely domestic, and does not have the drive, momentum or speed which other international tech firms or a typical foreign sub company has as a working culture. Since the majority of the people in the back office has been working here for a very long time (which is a good thing in one way), many of them are not use to changes - rather prefer to stick to the norm. Ohana is one of the key culture (which is a great conceptually) in Salesforce. But in JP back office, this is recognized in a different/miss leading manner. More specifically, it's been recognized as ""protection"", rather than supporting and challenging each other for growth. This shows up as lack of ownership, professionalism and extremely conservative working style/attitude. If you try to challenge someone, you're taken in a different way. Since there's really no culture of challenging each other, it's taken very offensively --- that's still fine but the most shocking part is, senior management doesn't notice or understand anymore of the benefits of growth via challenges and constructive communication. This is one of the most disappointing aspects of this office where it doesn't show to the outer world --- I have seen another review saying ""a master of disguise"" and completely understand what it means. When joining, do not expect a high paced, competitive working style lead by professionals with strong ownership --- but rather expect a conservative environment, hence for those who are looking for growth via challenges, constructive communication and data driven decision makings, this may not be the best place for you. Money is good, but growth wise, not able to recommend."
8795,Can't keep the culture for the Hyper-Growth
8811,Can't keep the culture for the Hyper-Growth
8827,Politics decide some promotion decisions. Extraordinary speed is sth you must be able to deal with. Might not be a fit for everyone.
8841,Politics everywhere within the company and depending how you see it. Managers are supportive
8845,reaching the target it's not easy and everything is based on that
8849,"Unfortunately the on-boarding process, in my experience has been terrible. It is very much a sink or swim and sadly I had very little guidance on getting upto speed in my first 6 months which I feel has hindered my development. There is an opportunity to enable and engage new employees in a much better way. I didn't get to shoadow anyone for a week or two and 90% of things I have had to figure out on my own."
8870,- Better balance between the US and non-US teams
8910,"Complex sales cycle, too many approvals, quotas not reflecting the geographic realities, territory split among other AEs not always consistent"
8911,*Your voice might not be heard if your manager is not good *No other cons
8916,Very high monthly targets High pressure and can be stressful
8923,- you have to manage your work-life balance. Nobody will ask you to stop working
8931,Fast paced which some can't handle
8936,Competitive atmosphere and little advice from above
8943,There are ideally no much Cons. However we need to consider bring Equality one of SF's core values to the next level
8945,"In IT department(operations) the management is ruining the culture and values,Salesforce is a great company hope they hire good management people"
8947,Technically not that great with Infra..
8951,- Size of the business: it can be challenging to keep track of what is going on outside of someone's day-to-day scope because of the number of clouds and products that are part of the ecosystem
8956,"I Don't think, We have something to discusses here."
8966,Make sure your direct management is consistent with corporate leadership
8974,"Pressure, individualism, competition between colleagues"
8981,"Things have really changed over the past couple years. Managers are focused on managing up, and not managing down. Does not feel like they have the best interest of their reps at heart ."
8991,Some roles requires extensive travel
8992,Always in accelerating mode. You need to deliver and perform
9001,"In IT department(operations) the management is ruining the culture and values,Salesforce is a great company hope they hire good management people"
9009,"It’s a large organisation with many groups - it can be challenging to navigate at times, but what large company isn’t?"
9010,Less collaboration between teams Few oldies not embracing change Ownership is divided which leads to problems Seat crunch hope it will resolve after new hyd building Night calls and infact very late night calls
9013,Always in accelerating mode. You need to deliver and perform
9015,"promotion is difficult, must make your own efforts to define yourself and brand which is difficult in such a large company."
9032,Can be very political. High level of competition.
9061,They rely way too much on the excellent culture the company has and sometimes take for granted the economical compensation.
9063,"Salesforce is an amazing organisation, but it's definitely not for everyone. If you're someone who likes structure and a steady tempo, this probably isn't an ideal place for you."
9064,- Too much Ohana culture (tired of changing the world).
9065,Exposure to other Technologies is poor
9068,Employs over 40k people worldwide so there is always room for all kinds of people
9074,- Could be greater transparency
9081,things move very quickly which is exciting but can be daunting
9087,Can be a little overwhelming sometimes with all that is going on. If you don't thrive in a fast pace environment Marketing at Salesforce is probably not for you:-)
9089,requires a ton of autonomy.
9094,Opportunity value expectations vs. reality is quite far apart in mid market.
9098,The product suite is vast and hard to get your head around at first
9100,Winners Never Cheat It's always depending on yourself
9103,Promotion opportunities are not very transparent.
9113,"Joining during lockdown has been tough. No f2f meetings at all. I haven't met any of my colleagues yet, so there is a huge reliance on virtual technologies."
9117,Not much training and not a challenging role
9118,Marketing team doesn't have much growth in the UK and the promotion process is extremely flawed
9123,Cult like idolisation of CEO/Founder
9124,"The company has made progress to make promotion and internal development opportunity more transparent, but it's still a political process/"
9137,"Revenue first company. More and more management talk a great game but their actions clearly show that people are a very distant second. Bias towards ""kingdom building"" in certain aspects of the business. Poor opportunities to progress."
9138,in some way is an enormous start-up & the Pressure
9152,We can try reducing number of meetings
9157,not many opportunities unless you want to pursue a sales career
9158,competitive + individualistic + fake caring culture
9165,"Slow career progression, no talent development"
9179,I cant see anything that is advantage of being a salesforce
9184,Very complicated and takes time to get onboarded
9185,"- Some of the co-prime sales teams are dominated by white people or those from USA, France or Australia. It does not make sense to do this in the Asia HQ. We need more Asian customer-facing employees who truly understand cultural nuances, local language and way of speaking. - Marketing could be much better when it comes to lead generation and content creation."
9187,"Goodbye creativity and energy. Hello process, admin, time tracking & checkbox exercises. Remuneration. The share scheme is poor. Don't expect OTE and forget about incentive accelerators. Managers are focused on a different number which determines hires & fires. You will under earn. Moving Salesforce does not look kindly upon or promote geographical movement."
9191,- Lack of transparency at times - Lack of management trust
9199,"Long hours, very hierarchical, can be political"
9210,not very known in certain niches for Medium sized copanies
9211,Culture + Values clash and are not aligned.
9214,Limited Opportunities for Internal Promotions
9216,Startup mindset isn't for everyone
9219,Very complicated and takes time to get onboarded
9224,"Not much internal opportunities, lots of friendly relationships in teams that lead to promotions"
9235,Low salary at the beginning but grows eventually as you prove yourself and get promoted
9236,Getting too complex and matrix
9239,Promotion path is not very clear
9246,"You Work Hard , Velocity and Intensity"
9254,It is a very large organization which brings pros & cons :)
9276,*Growing too fast *Sales focus diminishes interest in other areas of the business
9277,Lack of in country presence for few ASEAN countries
9287,Yearly leadership changes were frustrating.
9288,"Fast paced industry, not company specific con. Requires being comfortable with change"
9294,Remote Work in Dublin doesn't really exist
9301,- Hard American culture - Small territories difficult to reach targets
9305,"- The product itself isn't that interesting - Each team is responsible for their own interview process so some people aren't as professional as others - It feels like team leaders aren't getting enough feedback on actions their making, sometimes a team leader can make a bad move, and it feels like he\she doesn't really care about their employees feedback, I would expect their manager to give them true feedback or simply notice that someone is doing something stupid and should stop them. - Diversity"
9314,Too corporate for my own good
9315,-Lack of progression clarity timelines
9321,You should put more emphasis on coaching AEs to grow their skills.
9326,Remote Work in Dublin doesn't really exist
9327,Very salesy & target-driven environment. Can be tough at times!
9332,"List is pretty huge but will try to be as precise as possible. Management need leadership skills. Had multiple discussion with HR on differences with management with no proper response from HR either. To my surprise I was asked to voluntarily resign and leave the organization without prior notice for raising challenges with Management and HR. After all these year when I try to reapply for a similar profile that showed up, I get a response stating my application is not a match which is not true coz I did same stuff earlier in Salesforce. It is okay to reject my profile but to my surprise someone in Salesforce system has changed my Country to Netherlands in Salesforce Database which will cause rejection of all my future applications for opportunities . Company which boasts of Ohana culture, transparency needs to take another look at themselves."
9334,Yearly leadership changes were frustrating.
9339,Hard to align its culture and company values in international hubs. I hear too many people struggle with fear of retaliation.
9351,"Targets are challenging, alot is expected"
9355,"Huge organization, lots of politics, you can do nothing and nobody will care, and you can want to do a lot and nobody will let you either"
9364,good but very curius and intense
9371,"over commitment , too honesty"
9378,"Fast paced industry, not company specific con. Requires being comfortable with change"
9386,intense and high pressure environment
9395,"Direct management would determine whether you'll be staying in Salesforce for long or short-term.. Unfortunately thats the case for us, current leader is not someone most people would look up and respect due to his communication style and mindset - this has really discouraged the direct and extended team."
9399,intense and high pressure environment
9409,- you live and die by your territory and AE’s - management does not take this into consideration
9410,"Working hours can fluctuate and the sales environment can be high pressure. Metrics and promotion process isn't very clear, emphasis on personal brand"
9415,Dublin is loosing its dominance as the business goes more in country based
9430,- Lack of management - Lack of leadership - Poor onboarding process - Success only measured and valued by money
9435,Very large organization.. needs to be more nimble
9437,"Almost the same as the ""pros"". Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour."
9440,"In short: - Total compensation package less attractive than @ first sight - Sales Territory subject to change any time, any way. - Heavily Political - Poor Management - Little diversity (in terms of skills, background and genre) Management is surprisingly immature for a 10.000 people company, nobody really cares about you, numbers is all that matters. As such the aim of management is only hitting the number, no matter what. Meaning: no resource development, little training, harsh treatment when something goes wrong, no coaching, no understanding whatsoever. Numbers arrive, you're a star. They don't, you're an a***ole. The internal mantra is SFDC wants to innovate, unlike Oracle these days. Yet 50% of the people come from Oracle and they keep coming. Be very careful about what you are told at the interview. The territory assigned wil almost surely change after a few months, for the good (unlikely) or the bad (very much likely). Base pay is high (variable is becoming more and more difficult to hit and beat) but benefits are quite limited with respect to other IT companies. If evaluated in overall package the comparison is less favourable than originally thought bringing it to on par with other major IT employer. Also, the environment is pretty political: hiring is based on who you know, internally and externally, not on what you do and what you can achieve and not always the two aspects lead to the same point. As such relations are valued more than skills. Kind of : so is life but if you expect something different...."
9443,The culture changed dramatically during the growth to the actual size of more than 10000 people. At the beginning it was all very hands on and pragmatic. Since the so called CFL organization has been established a lot of politics came up. You need to be a good soldier to execute orders. If you still think you can contribute by using your brain and experiences: Good luck in find the niche to do so. In all other departments you really need the ability to switch off your brain. => Management is made up of selfish and egocentric soldiers. Only very few exceptions.
9451,"Even if you are the best, internal politics can make sure you will not achieve your career goals. Oracle culture"
9464,Internal politics often gets in the way of work.
9467,Not the best leadership - extremely micromanaging and transactional.
9468,"It sometimes seems that the company is aiming towards too many targets, which makes it our of business focus."
9474,"fast paced, resources centered in U.S, not internationally organized.."
9486,"Regional Stereotypes, newly acquired divisions suffer from disorganized leadership, pay and benefit disparity and goals set well beyond the scope of reality"
9488,most marketing action still happens in the US of A
9495,A bit too much koolaid sometimes. Inspiring leaders do not translate to local regional manager level (very much like Oracle).
9514,Internal politics often gets in the way of work.
9515,"Lot of politics, better stay away if you don't know how to play it well."
9521,The promotion path is already written and there are no exceptions for top performers.
9534,Its a CONS for people who don't want to work and still want to get paid - this is not a company where you would want to be. Its a fast growing company and an employee is expected to keep up with a vision and mission.
9541,"poor training, high pressure, office not friendly"
9545,Can be a bit slow. Not ideal environment for active learning
9563,Are we growing too fast?
9567,"-Will never be able to escape office politics, you will feel a pressure to conform to a certain mentality. - Be prepared to not receive a lot of positive feedback - Customers seem to be an afterthought. - Very aggressive culture - Company has grown too fast almost to the point where there is a certain arrogance about everyone in the organization."
9570,"No privacy of any kind, managers are very nosy & want to know everything about you and your personal life, No training of their processes and procedures, managers are not helpful and does not support their employees"
9573,High target and very high pressure of results
9588,forces benefit rules that don't always make sense.
9608,Hard to find lateral movement positions
9609,"There are plenty of politics surrounding promotions and territories. It's not what you know, but who you know and party with. In general my coworkers were bright people. I met some of my best friends there. Working along side smart, motivated people kept me sharp, but there were also people dumb as rocks. Because it's such a large sales group some bright ones never got to shine and some rocks never got exposed and are still there after many many years."
9614,- Tolerance of management bullies due to good financial results - Culture of fear
9619,This is a chaotic place to work at best. This chaos gives you opportunity but you are also sometimes on your own to sink or swim. Go there if only you are ready.
9622,Having a tough time evolving and has a history of hiring incredibly weak senior leaders (lots of whom have had a short tenure). Needs to allow for more creativity in it's sales approach as it grown. The resources are not fairly distributed areas of leadership are weak.
9623,The new markets and products they know nothing about have just as high of expectations as their easy well established ones.
9636,"Unbelievably intense politics. Senior management gets their information from their inner circle, yet the inner circle is completely out of touch with what's really going on in the field and with employees. They make a great show of asking for input (such as Idea exchange and employee surveys) and then don't act on it. Very difficult interview process and then no support once you get in the door."
9637,- highly political - no one reviewing sr. management actions or behavior / mgmt training needed - lack of clarity on career path options
9639,"If I had to choose a con, it would be the continued venture influence on the firm and its management"
9643,"politics,structure, focus too much on the money and not enough on customer relationship"
9644,Stifling work culture - try to force their warped values on you
9649,"No company is perfect. Salesforce.com isn't for everyone. The pace is relentless. It's a rocket-ride. But the flipside of that is that everyone is driving in the same direction and everyone knows the mission. For people who already think they know how things should be done, who understand how real companies operate, who learned their lessons in a prior decade and think they can come and bring these ideas to help salesforce.com ""grow-up"" - they usually feel like they are banging their heads into a wall. Everyone who joins starts by starting over - learning some of the fundamentals that make the company different, and IMHO better than the traditional software or technology companies."
9658,Intense at times. If you don't know how to manage your time then you could get stressed out. If you're not good working as a team then you won't survive.
9660,"* Company is getting large and with a large influx of new hires there are the growing pains it comes with that * Leadership opportunities and promotions for minority (Hispanic, Black, Asian) males seems lacking"
9662,Change is constant but thats only negative if you let it be
9665,"While the west coast may be working on meeting Marc's lofty goals, the midwest(specifically midwest CSG) is swiftly becoming the white male centric world. Women are not staying within various roles within CSG in growing numbers and it's becoming very obvious that this is a white man's world. If you read the Chicago Tribune this weekend, you will not that more and more diversity factors(black, Hispanic, etc) are leaving for more favorable areas from every company, not just SF. If anyone would do the data analysis for CSG Chicago, warning bells should go off. The executive leadership is slowly but surely driving women out of their workforce vs embracing Marc's culture."
9685,"Lots of pressure to excel in this company, a great deal of competition and pressure. I thrive in that environment but it is not for everyone."
9690,Growing too fast. Might jeopardize the culture of the company and might move in the direction of very coorparety
9698,"Honestly the only downside I've been able to come up with is that they don't allow dogs. The relationship back to SFDC core isn't perfect (more stringent security and trust requirements), but as a multi-billion dollar company with multi-million dollar contracts that rely on the integrity of secure customer data I can understand that."
9700,"- your career path may be limited if you do not live in one of our hubs - although this may not be a negative for everyone, the company moves and extremely fast pace, and if you do not keep up with it you made quickly find yourself disconnected from the momentum of the company"
9702,Growing so fast some of the culture might be lost.
9706,Bate and switch with territories
9709,"Infrastructure engineering is very top heavy. It's become an org of overpriced ex Microsoft executives that have not delivered anything of value to the company and the group. There is complete lack of innovation in management style or technology. They have brought with them the management style of the 90's, which didn't really work to well for MSFT. The feeling in the group is contempt for Salesforce and the people committed to Salesforce. People work in fear, which is not the culture it was before they joined. It's sad to see the disregard that they have towards building an org on the values of Salesforce. Bad behavior and horrible treatment of individuals has been overlooked time and time again by HR and management."
9728,- Too much emphasis on utilization a
9729,We're getting too big and are less and less connected with our employees. We struggle at times with deciding between doing what's right for the business and doing what's right for our people. It's inevitable with a mature business like salesforce.
9730,"You better be organized, driven and accountable. People fail fast here."
9737,-Headcount growing perhaps too quickly which could transform the community feel to a more corporate environment -Does not offer full meals (light snacks and beverages are provided) -Signals of a more corporate future ahead evidenced by a shift away from local vendors to their global competitors
9738,"Very large company that wants to work in fast-paced start-up mode, but because of sheer size, everything takes longer than you'd hope and approvals can be a nightmare."
9745,"It is a very competitive environment. The company has done a really good job cultivating a culture of ownership, accountability, trust, and potential for growth. Not a con, but the vast majority of employees are type A personalities that want to win and advance through the ranks. People are very collaborative and supportive because that behavior is rewarded at Salesforce, and these types of personalities making up Salesforce is largely why the company has been so successful. That said, as is the case of any ultra high performing environment, everyone wants to be at the top."
9746,SF centric New Managers coming in who have no idea of how to leverage skill sets Too many re-orgs especially in CSG
9757,you need to be comfortable with 100% accountability and a super fast pace
9758,"Sometimes, it can be a little to fast paced.. We never stop. If you like change, its a great place because there is always change here!"
9772,"Growing, company needs starting to overshadow employee needs. Also, the territories for Account Executives are extremely small and competitive, most Account Executives don't make quota. Hit or miss. Not very good training."
9774,"Targets are always changing, you can feel left behind."
9776,Career path in my role is loosely-defined. Gets to be a bit too much of a 'salesy' locker-room type culture on occasion.
9787,Great company but becoming too big for it's own good. Some of middle management is not very well qualified but are there by chance - timing. Can have a very Bro culture.
9788,"Big Company - lot of hoops to jump through, career path is hard to navigate"
9793,It's incredibly hard to get hired here & the interview process can be lengthy. The dynamic nature of the company may be hard for those who don't do well with change.
9794,Territory Alignment and constant changing annually
9797,Some growing pains as the size of the company is increasing.
9804,"Structure, career development (lack of)"
9814,Change is constant but thats only negative if you let it be
9819,A culture of self-promotion and individual success. Not a very team-oriented culture. Fosters focus on building an illusion of personal success internally.
9820,"-Although I love the company culture of giving back and always pushing harder and faster, it can ware you down if your not careful. Pacing yourself is very important. -Upper management (VP and above) mean well but manages to make the team nervous and work off of fear of being made to look bad in front of the entire department. -Recruiters often have a tough time working with our support (Keeping in mind that sourcing support is something a lot of recruiters don't have experience with before coming to Salesforce)"
9821,Slow at times Has challenges that any other company this size may face
9831,"extremely cliquish for new comers. Employees are lifers and move around departments with little to no experience in new roles, then ignore expertise of outsiders brought in. VERY cutthroat environment. Wants results yesterday with no regard to planning."
9837,"The company continues to grow like crazy and that comes with well known challenges. With all that craziness though, comes tremendous opportunity."
9843,- bluntness - decentralized employee comms leads to some mixed messaging - trying to keep up with its own growth
9848,"This is not really a con but could be a con if you are not an A player or used to being in a fast paced environment - We work at a very fast pace, heavily metrics oriented and with a high sense of urgency. I love it but not everyone likes or is accustomed to this type of environment. Unless you are in HQ you may hit a ceiling with your career growth."
9855,Culture is changing to be too churn and burn. Feels like SF.com is becoming Oracle
9859,"There is corporate culture and there's departmental culture. The corporate culture at salesforce.com is still one of the best in the industry but the influx of Microsoft employees (particularly leadership positions) in Infrastructure Engineering under Randy Kern and Ed Harris have promoted an extremely top-down culture which is the antithesis of what Marc Benioff and Parker Harris stand for. This has resulted in a high-level of attrition which has left the infrastructure team limping along, unable to attract top talent and unable to make demonstrable progress towards a long-term roadmap."
9867,"Too many changes all the time People, teams change directions very often and sometimes that can be frustrating"
9873,"With a large organization, there will be people who slip through the cracks of quality. For example, sometimes good people leave to purse other projects they're interested in, leaving an opening for less talented people below to slot themselves in. This can disappoint other members of the team, but you just have to stay focused and do quality work yourself. People know who the good ones are."
9877,Constant pressure to follow corporate message
9883,"Clear disorganization in middle management, lack of clear strategic direction for field organizations, lack of respect for employee work/life balance and lack of strong leadership at the mid-level"
9891,"not much...in sales, i believe there could have been more diligence done in how territories were cut, but considering the typical challenges when a company is acquired, this is a very, very small grievance."
9898,"It can be hard to hang on in such a competitive culture. If you are not a top performer, it can be very challenging."
9906,"Office location culture does not match HQ culture, which is a big deal since that is the main reason for joining. Issue is around team co-operation and trust in people."
9921,"This is not a company you can coast at. It is filled with A players, so if you're looking for an easy ride, this isn't it."
9923,can be a very political landscape. it is a boys' club and you have to fit in to advance
9924,"- The CEO and company are very outspoken in support of progressive causes. If you are politically a right-wing conservative, you may feel uncomfortable."
9925,"Every company has cons, but the pro's to working at Salesforce outweigh the downsides."
9931,It is what you make of it San Francisco location is a downer Not everyone is on board with the culture
9940,Fast pace and at times people do not have a realistic understanding of timing for projects. Which makes you feel like you aren't able to shine at times because it is never delivered fast enough. This isn't always the case but mostly with T&P teams.
9944,Need better access to senior members as a remote employee and better pay scale for those in the Foundation. More opportunities to present in front of senior leadership
9951,- Growing quickly and process/the ways we work are becoming more complex & slowing down
9954,"Growing into a major corporation, many jobs have more narrow scope than with a smaller company."
9961,High expectations Monthly quota is SMB can cause you to lose site of relationship building and listening to customers
9965,Upward mobility was difficult to chart a path
9966,Innovation stifled by one size fits all initiatives
9984,A lot of people and easy to get lost
9990,moves so fast that projects will lose prioritization before they are fully complete.
9996,Can be very corporate at times and cliques are formed
10000,"Salesforce's culture of innovation is being stifled by constant dictates from the top of the org chart that are constantly changing. Seasoned, well respected leaders are leaving in droves, particularly in the marketing organization. ""Marc says"" is how we make decisions now...so much for actually using our ""V2MOM"" to prioritize and reprioritize work. It's all about doing more work on tighter deadlines while only paying lip service to 'wellbeing'. It feels like constant chaos because we can’t stay the course on anything."
10004,High stress; you are pushed along the sales path.
10006,"Being a technology company, Salesforce moves fast and furious. If you’re not ready for constant change by design, Salesforce would frustrate you."
10018,Very large organization so career growth can be relatively slow but there are a lot of opportunities
10037,Still a “startup mentality”—so keep in mind all this entails!
10046,"Too many initiatives, at times lacks strategy"
10055,"Constant change, i.e. company growth, org changes/restructure Frequent acquisition activity often causes disruption, which is often very challenging"
10056,"Since it is a bigger company now, there aren't major ways to get equity exposure other than the ESPP (which is still a solid way)"
10063,"corporate red tape, to grow in the company you have to find a new team, lack of transparency from leadership"
10070,Can get lost in the crowd
10073,Lots of scrutiny on activity
10084,- High volume and lots of pressure to hit your numbers
10086,"After multiple reOrgs, acquisitions, and quarantine: - VISION: Leadership misalignment is on the rise, as illustrated by the recent departure of many OG leaders, and increasing feedback from the battle grounds - CULTURE: Self-serving employees mobbing mentality is trending UP, due to competition and despite HR policies, and psychological safety is most definitely trending DOWN"
