,cons
0,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: It's up to you to find a work-life balance. The basic working hours are from 9:00 to 18:00, but it is a super flextime with no core time. Therefore, you have to control it yourself. However, there are many things that must be done, such as self-study, document preparation, and customer surveys, so it is necessary to secure study time outside of work hours. It would be nice if I could make time to study during working hours, but most of the time I spend outside working hours due to customer support, research to advance business negotiations, internal meetings, etc. If you decide what to do and what not to do, you can maintain a good work-life balance, but if you try to do everything, even if you work until late at night every day, you will not be able to finish it, and you will be busy with work on holidays, and you will lose your balance. People who are not mentally bold tend to be hard to break down, push themselves into overwork, and tend to get sick. up to your control. Diverse work style support: Remote work depends on the department. Some departments are fully remote, while others come to work once or twice a week. However, family circumstances are taken into consideration, so they are not forced to come to work. Because of super flextime, it is possible to adjust the schedule, such as delaying the start of the morning to go to work after sending the child to nursery school for family reasons, or leaving early to pick up the child."
1,"Salary system: 80% of the estimated annual income presented is fixed salary and the remaining 20% ​​is incentives Incentives are paid quarterly. The calculation of incentives is more influenced by the figures of Japan as a whole than the figures of individuals, so for better or worse, you can get almost the same or more income than the initially presented assumed annual income. It is rare that you will receive an amount that is significantly different from the initial estimate, but it will not be less than the initial estimate. Evaluation system: Opportunity for promotion twice a year. As a premise, achieving individual goals is an important criterion for judgment, and if they do not achieve them, they will not be candidates for promotion in the first place. Among those who have achieved the goal, those who make a high degree of contribution in consideration of other activities and those who make high-quality proposals are promoted. There is also a pay raise apart from promotion, and there is a chance for a pay raise once a year. Salary increases are something that can be done if you are working normally, and your salary will increase by about 3 to 5% a year. The salary of the company is relatively high to begin with, so if your salary is 10 million yen in the previous year, your annual income will increase by 500,000 yen the following year, even if you are not promoted."
2,"Welfare: There is a good cafeteria in the office. The espresso machine is automatic, but the beans are specially roasted and replenished with good freshness, so I don't think you can taste the taste of this quality even at a full-fledged store. At first, most of the food was sweets, but in response to the voices of employees, healthy items such as dried fruits, fruits, nuts, and yogurt were offered, and I was worried about how much it would cost. Sometimes. ESPP and RSU, which are common in foreign companies, are helping to build assets other than salary at this time when stock prices are rising. Office Environment: Free desks are common due to lack of space for the increasing number of employees. There are quite a few meeting rooms, but they are not enough. The office furniture is well-invested, and the Aeron chair and stand-up desk are a big plus for someone who works long hours."
3,"Working Hours/Holiday Leave: Work-life balance is non-existent as long as you're an account executive. If you want to achieve this, you are told to work every day after 23:00 or until midnight, work on Saturdays and Sundays, and make five appointments all day from 9:00 to 19:00. If you don't have many appointments, your calendar screenshots will be made public and exposed to the company. Of course, the documentation will be done after that. In addition to that, commercial sales are made to build the customer's system. Diverse work style support: remote possible However, commercials have recently become obligatory to come to work, so it is possible to go home early.It means that you can work from home. Side jobs are OK."
4,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: It's up to you to find a work-life balance. The basic working hours are 9:00-18:00, but it is a super flextime with no core time. Therefore, you have to control it yourself. However, there are many things to remember, so it is necessary to secure study time outside of working hours. It would be nice if I could make time to study during working hours, but most of the time I have to spend time outside of working hours due to in-house meetings, etc. for customer service and business negotiations. If you decide what to do and what not to do, you can maintain a good work-life balance. People who are not mentally bold tend to be hard to break down, push themselves into overwork, and tend to get sick. up to your control."
5,"Salary system: Base + Incentive is the basic base for sales is low, but incentives fluctuate greatly depending on the results of individual goals, so successful sales can get high salaries regardless of age and get promoted. Other than sales, basically, incentives fluctuate according to the achievement of team goals, so there is no big fluctuation in salary. Funds for back-office systems are determined by company-wide performance, and bonuses are determined by process evaluations by managers. Evaluation system: Basically, I think that meritocracy is thoroughly enforced. The number of people has increased considerably in the last few years, but the salary is high, but the ability. . . At least I don't see people around me."
6,"Welfare: There is no housing subsidy as it is a foreign company, but there are some distinctive welfare programs such as a subsidy for infertility treatment and a health investment subsidy of 10,000 yen per month. Office environment: Around March-April 2020, when the policy based on telework was decided, subsidies to prepare the home environment were provided (and basic facilities such as headsets and mobile routers were given separately). I thought it was generous. At present, it is easy to work in the home environment with that assistance, but the fulfillment of the office is also one of the great attractions. You can concentrate on your work while changing your mood at the light meal space and desks with various layouts."
7,"Welfare program: Welfare program is very fulfilling. I feel that it is not an operation that is easy for people to handle. The office environment is highly convincing when you consider the generous welfare package to endure the operation: There is a stylish cafeteria and free sweets, etc., and I feel that I am working in a very good environment. The environment inside the company is probably unimaginable in a Japanese company. as if. It feels like a company doing BtoC business."
8,"Welfare: I think that I am very blessed, such as subsidizing the cost of equipment for remote work. When I was working in the office, there were various drinks and food in the cafe space, and it was so fulfilling that I could live there. Office environment: It's currently fully remote, but when I went to work, it was very accessible because it was directly connected to Tokyo Station at JP Tower and I could walk from Otemachi. The new office building was built on the Otemachi side, so the only drawback is that people who used to commute from Tokyo Station will have to walk a little longer."
9,"Salary system: If you give a square number to a rabbit, it will bounce back to your salary. Moreover, basically it will be reflected in the next month's salary, so motivation will increase. In addition, it often happens that the incentive is doubled or tripled only for special products called Spiff, so even if the annual achievement rate is 60%, it often exceeds the theoretical annual income. It's a great company with an amazing system. Evaluation system: Only numbers are reflected in the evaluation, so it is extremely easy to understand, and there is no need for extra thinking or rulers."
11,"Salary level: Sales positions have a base: incentive ratio of 6:4, making it an unsuitable environment for those who want to earn a stable income on a base basis. This is a standard level for a foreign company, but depending on the department and position, the base may be extremely low, so it may be difficult for married people and householders who need a stable life. It seems that there is room for negotiation with HR before joining the company, but there is a possibility that you will fall into an unexpected pitfall if you judge only by the high theoretical annual salary. The difference in treatment between people who are headhunted and those who apply is tremendous, and depending on the person, there are cases where the theoretical annual salary is double even for the same position or position. Some sales representatives actually joined the company with a theoretical annual salary similar to that of an executive."
13,"Welfare: There is no housing subsidy, but I feel that the salary is reasonably high. Many employees use the system of purchasing company stock as an investment tool. Regarding welfare, there is a system that subsidizes the expenses used for maintaining health by a certain amount every month, and everyone uses it habitually. Office environment: very clean. You are free to use any seat that is vacant. There is a mindfulness room where you can meditate and take a rest if you are tired."
14,"Salary system: Since the percentage of incentives is large, there is a big difference between new graduates and mid-career employees, and whether they are in sales or not. Since the budget is abundant, there are many allowances such as well-being allowance and home assistance. Evaluation system: There is no trend of seniority system like Japanese companies. Since the evaluation is clear and made by a large number of people involved in various fields, basically we do not receive evaluations that cause dissatisfaction."
15,"Welfare: The company also pays half of the corporate-type defined contribution pension. You can buy your shares on pretty good terms. Unlike Japanese companies, there are no housing subsidies or book purchase costs, but business school and outside courses can be covered up to about 600,000 yen a year. Also, I have the impression that there is quite a bit of care when something happens, such as illness, including family members. Office environment: Unknown at this time as we are moving to a new office"
16,"Office environment: Conference rooms are glass-enclosed for transparency. You can also get sweets and drinks for free at the cafe. Until before Corona, light meals were also provided. The office is directly connected to Tokyo Station, so you can commute without getting wet in the rain. From February this year, it will be directly connected to Otemachi Station, so you can come to work without getting wet in the rain. However, due to full remote work, there are few opportunities to go to the office. Even if there is, it is necessary to pre-register with the company's service before coming to work."
17,"Welfare: There are no housing subsidies, dormitories, property accumulation savings, etc. You can buy employee discount stocks. PC peripherals can be purchased at the company's vending machines. You can eat furugura, yogurt, sweets, ice cream, etc. for free. There are plenty of drinks, sometimes red bull. Office Environment: There are many meeting rooms and refreshment spaces. Some rooms seem to be empty."
19,"Gap between expectations when joining the company and after joining: Although I negotiated with customers as an enterprise salesperson, I could not get out of selling licenses, and I felt that most of the proposals for the last mile depended on partner vendors. Even if it was sold directly as it is, I didn't feel like I could finally see how the customer implemented it and improved their business. Even if it was just partial optimization, there were many responses that forced us into the department."
20,"Welfare: ・Shareholding system ・There is a subsidy for health activities (gym, massage, etc.) up to 10,000 yen per month, which leads to motivation to actively use it. Office environment: There was a situation where the office was unable to keep up with the increase in the number of people, but I think that COVID-19 has changed everything. We are planning to move to our own building next year, so I think it will improve."
21,"Benefits: Benefits other than commuting allowances and social insurance are listed on the menu. Office Environment: The office is located in a prime location near Tokyo Station. For employees who do not live in the city center, commuting time was often painful, but since the corona crisis, remote work has become the default, making it easier to work. The office requires a reservation to come to work, so there are cases where it is not possible to get a place."
22,"Welfare: I have the impression that the company has a well-developed welfare program that puts the ease of working for employees first. If it is an initiative that benefits the health of employees, it will be paid separately from the monthly salary of 10,000 yen. Widely used for massage, golf, gym, etc. There is support for staff with children, and it is an environment that is very easy to work for those with families. Although the only drawback is that there is no retirement allowance, the salary level is high, so if you can save money systematically, there is no problem."
24,"Salary system: Annual salary system and commission (incentive) payment system. The ratio is 60% of annual salary and 40% of commission, which is determined in a personnel interview before joining the company. Partly because of the high awareness of the company's ES and the recent good performance, a certain percentage of the sales support for remote work due to Corona (subsidies for purchasing IT equipment at home) and sales that could not go out due to self-restraint restrictions A generous system such as commission compensation is in place."
25,"Salary system: base salary + incentives. Incentives fluctuate according to target achievement rate. There is no cap on the amount of incentives paid. The more you sell, the more you will be returned. Depending on the time and product, the incentive amount may increase by 1.5 to 3 times. There are no bonuses as there are plenty of incentives. If you sell, you can make money, but if you don't sell, you don't get incentives, so your salary fluctuates. Transportation expenses are calculated at actual cost."
26,"Working hours/holidays/leaves: Since you control what you need to do, you can plan your own days off. Some people almost use up the paid leave they were given. In addition to paid leave, there are sick leave that can be used when you catch a cold, and nursing care leave that you can use when your child catches a cold and misses school. I don't and I can't stop."
27,"Salary system: base salary + incentives. Incentives fluctuate according to target achievement rate. There is no cap on the amount of incentives paid. The more you sell, the more you will be returned. Depending on the season and product, the incentive amount may increase by 1.5 to 2 times. There are no bonuses as there are plenty of incentives. If you sell, you can make money, but if you don't sell, there is no incentive, so your salary fluctuates. Transportation expenses are calculated at actual cost."
28,"Salary system: The percentage of incentives is huge. I think the current situation is that ote is quite low compared to other foreign companies. However, since the incentive is not only the amount but also the number of years of contract, spiff, etc., you can earn money even if you do not achieve it, and if you achieve it, you will get an accelerator, so it is good. Evaluation system: Depends on the account. mostly quantitative"
30,"Salary system: Divided into basic salary and performance-based salary, and for performance-based salary, each employee's goals can be flexibly defined in consultation with their superiors. Evaluation system: Job grades are clearly defined, and the criteria required for promotion are clear. Evaluation criteria other than work results, such as age and gender, are almost non-existent."
31,"Salary system: A little higher than other companies in the same industry. Granted stock options. Evaluation system: Since this is a new company, there is no seniority system. Most of them are mid-career hires. It's not a perfect meritocracy, but ability is required. English proficiency will be an advantage."
32,"Salary system: 10% of annual salary is bonus. Bonuses are not necessarily paid in full. Assuming full payment, 75 percent of the bonus will be paid in April and the remaining 25 percent in October. Evaluation system: There are clear criteria for promotion, which are open to all employees."
34,"Salary system: I think the salary level is generally high compared to the industry. There are an overwhelming number of mid-career employees, and I think that the range differs depending on the experience at the time of joining the company. Evaluation system: Numerical results are evaluated in an easy-to-understand manner, but on the other hand, if you can't leave numbers, it is difficult to lead to evaluation."
35,"Welfare program: There is a system that allows you to purchase the company's stock at a discount without housing subsidies. Office environment: There is an environment where you can work very cleanly and comfortably, such as office space. Snacks and drinks are available free of charge, so if you get hungry, you can continue your work while picking them up."
36,"Salary system: Although it depends on the type of job, sales are annual salary system + volume. So basically no overtime. However, due to the high standard, many employees are very satisfied with the evaluation system: promotion is basically once a year and the degree of difficulty is high. However, some people are promoted during the term. There are many young managers who are completely meritocracy."
37,"Benefits: Stock options are contracted. Office environment: Located in a prime location in the city center. I don't use an umbrella because the building is directly connected to Tokyo Station. There is a free vending machine in the company, and rice balls, sandwiches, ice cream, drinks, etc. are all free."
38,"Welfare: There is a system for purchasing company stock up to 15% of annual salary. There are 20 days of paid leave from the first year, 12 days of sick leave, and 5 days of nursing leave. Office Environment: We recently moved our head office to Otemachi. I've never been there, so I don't know the details."
39,"Benefits: Very cheap to buy company stock. Specifically, you can purchase at 15% off the price of the first and last half of the year, whichever is lower. Office environment: Work from home almost completely from March 2020 through July 2021."
40,"Salary system: There is quite a gap. Most of them are on an annual salary system. There are also bonuses at the end of the year. There are stock options, and you can sell the company stock. Evaluation system: Most of them are mid-career hires."
41,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: If you are assigned to a department that does not know the abilities and capacities of individual temporary staff, you will be given unreasonable requests such as ""please by tomorrow morning"" when there is clearly not enough time. may require long hours of overtime. Employees seem to assume that telework is possible, so they can take their computers home and work, but many people don't seem to understand that temporary employees can't do their work unless they're at the company. Also, even if a temporary employee consults that he or she is working overtime and cannot finish it within the deadline, the employee will be merciless and say, ""That's not my job,"" and leave without helping. I'm trying to shift."
42,"Working hours and holidays: Working hours are 8 hours with a 1 hour break from 9:00 to 18:00, which is very common. If the work is not busy, you can basically leave work on time. Also, you can go at any time during your lunch break, so if you want to avoid crowds, you can stagger your schedule to 11:30 or 13:00. The Marunouchi area, where our Japanese head office is located, is particularly crowded during lunchtime, so we are very grateful for that. Since our employees work flextime, it is possible for temporary employees to change their working hours if they have a reasonable reason and consult with us. In the past, when I said, ""I want to leave the office at 17:00 to go to the hospital, so I'd like to go to work one hour earlier, at 8:00,"" I got approval."
43,"Working hours/holidays: [Acquisition of paid leave] Paid leave is quite easy to obtain because it is a corporate culture that encourages taking it. It seems that employees can take leave separately in the morning and afternoon, and I often see people who take leave in the afternoon, go to the airport and travel, etc. Also, if it's just picking up your child or going to the hospital, you can adjust the time by flextime or remote work, so you don't have to bother to reduce your paid vacation. did. Even if temporary employees apply for paid leave for about a week in a row, they can definitely get it without being asked about the reason."
44,"Working hours/holidays: [Acquisition of long vacations] Employees are granted more days of paid vacation than the legal requirement, and it is very easy to take vacations, so we will encourage temporary employees to take vacations as well. I explained that I rarely take paid leave because I only have about 10 days, which is legally required, but people who push me a little to take a vacation, such as ""I should refresh myself!"" There is Even if you were able to take a week off like an employee, if you don't use your paid leave, your salary will be reduced by about 70,000 to 80,000 yen."
47,"Salary level: The salary is based on the previous job, but the base alone will not exceed the previous job. Since it is premised that basic incentives are provided, the salary will be more than the previous job, including that. There is no upper limit for incentives, so if you achieve them, you will receive a large amount of money. If it exceeds 120% etc., it will be accelerated and it will increase more. This is different between Enterprise and Small. If even young people can produce numbers, it will become a company where they can earn good salaries, which is also connected to their motivation."
48,"Company stability: Since it is a subscription-type business rather than a so-called SI or one-off package software business, contracts continue to accumulate and grow steadily as long as the license is not canceled. There is a mechanism for retention support and follow-up of existing customers (including user meetings, etc.) so that they do not cancel, so it feels good to be able to work from the perspective of ""customer success""."
49,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: Paid usage rate tends to be low in the sales department. However, not only results but also all processes are visualized in Salesforce, so people who ""do what they do properly"" rarely complain about taking a break. In addition, it is visualized that sales numbers will increase if we can thoroughly ""do what we do"", so each person has a sense of conviction."
50,"Welfare: Nothing special. I don't think there are many people who expect welfare benefits. Office environment: I no longer come to work, but the office is clean. And the relocation will be done, but the new office looks pretty amazing."
51,"Salary system: It is a general salary system for sales at foreign-affiliated companies. Basic salary plus incentives. If KPIs are significantly achieved, the incentives will increase as well. There are only a handful of people whose KPIs exceed 100% in inside sales. There are almost no allowances."
52,"Salary system: About 40% of sales incentives. If you achieve it, you will get big. Evaluation system: In sales, the order amount is greatly reflected in the salary. Multifaceted evaluation is done to raise the job grade."
53,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: 9:00-18:00. After that, it's up to the individual to work or not. Personally, I work overtime to get results, but I feel that the work style that allows me to take time to raise my children is very attractive because I work completely from home."
54,"Employment stability: [Compatibility between work and private life] As long as you can produce results, people won't say too much.  Basically, work is from 9:00 to 18:00, but overtime work is normal because there is no overtime pay. However, as long as the results are consistent, no one will complain even if they leave work at 18:00."
55,"Corporate Culture/Corporate Style: Good atmosphere. Diversity: No discrimination based on gender, race, nationality, religion, or disability. completely equal."
56,"Salary system: very good. No problem. A very good company and I would recommend it to anyone. Rating system: Very good. There is no particular problem, it is meritocracy."
57,Compensation: Base: Incentive was 6:4. Incentives are linked to individual new sales Rating system: vague
58,"Growth/career development: [Presence or absence of guidance from superiors and seniors] It is better to think that there is no guidance, especially for sales to super large companies.   There is a person called a tutor, but it is a disposition that people later say, ""Actually, I was a tutor.""   I can't use my boss' managing director at all."
59,"Ease of working for women: When I consulted with my boss about how to work after maternity and childcare leave, the rules were immediately reviewed."
60,"Salary system: Because of the incentive system, salaries are paid according to performance. Evaluation system: Merit-based and sales positions are easy to understand."
61,Salary system: All sales are composed of basic salary + incentives Evaluation system: Whether or not the target is achieved is the evaluation axis
62,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: Overtime pay is substantial. There is a clear division between those who work overtime and those who do not, and there is an imbalance in the workload of each individual. If you work overtime after 10:00, you will receive a late-night allowance. If overtime hours exceed 60 hours per month (360 agreement), guidance is provided."
63,"Salary system: Sales are base salary + quarterly commission system. If the degree of achievement against the target is good, the commission will increase accordingly, but if the performance is not good, it will be the base salary + a small amount."
64,"Salary level: For the sales department, there is a base, but a complete performance-based incentive system has been introduced. The base incentive rate varies depending on the experience level in the middle. Salary is high compared to competitors."
65,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: Overtime (actual working hours) is generally long in order to achieve good results.・In general, it is difficult to get the expected evaluation without doing a lot of hard work soon after joining the company.・There is a discrepancy between the superficial system (creating an atmosphere within the company) and the reality of the workplace."
66,"Salary system: For sales-related occupations, it depends on the achievement of goals. Evaluation system: Sales positions are based on the target achievement rate."
68,Salary system: Enterprise sales account executive monthly salary + incentive system. The ratio of monthly salary to incentives was 6:4.
69,Easy to work for women: We have an environment that is easy for women to work in. Many people are actually returning from maternity leave.
70,"Welfare: [Ease of taking paid leave, how to apply] Apply online 2-3 days in advance.   The hurdles for consulting on applications are low, as communication is carried out using in-house communication tools."
71,Welfare: [Health-related initiatives and systems] We have begun to visualize overwork through the use of time cards for all employees. Specific measures after visualization and visualization accuracy are yet to come.
77,"Working hours/holidays and holidays: Overtime hours are long, but overtime pay is paid except for outside sales. I don't care about working hours because I will return as much as I do outside sales."
80,"Motivation: [Relationships with other departments] Low. There are times when I check with the sales person in charge regarding customer contracts, but everything is completed on SNS."
81,Welfare: [Systems and efforts to reduce working hours] None in particular. It seems that there is not much of such an idea because of the annual salary system.
83,Employment stability: [Monthly overtime hours] About 30 hours a month. neither more nor less.
84,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: I think it varies depending on the type of job and department, but there were some full-time employees who got married and had children, so I think the company can adjust to some extent as long as they are doing their own work properly. felt. Diverse work style support: I heard that remote work is the main thing after corona. Some people went home early due to going to the hospital or having children. I think that it was possible to adjust the time to some extent by negotiating with temporary staff."
85,"Salary system: I was a temporary employee, so I don't know about the company's salary system. I think it's result-oriented. Evaluation system: I was a temporary employee, so I don't know about the evaluation system. I think it's a meritocracy."
86,"Salary level: As an hourly wage for dispatch, it can be described as ""normal"". I've never had a particularly good salary. Also, when I talked to an employee who works in the back office, he told me that it was surprisingly cheap, saying, ""Are you sure you can only get this amount?"" However, it seems that the more you sell, the more money you make."
88,"Easy to work for women: Temporary employees are not particularly recognized as members of the company, so they do not feel that they are particularly easy to work for. Rather, newly-married employees in their 20s say, ""I'm busy,"" and just throw away simple tasks and miscellaneous chores, and go home quickly with the excuse that they need to go to the hospital."
90,"Evaluation system: The salary is too high for the content of the current job and working hours. The base salary is good, so I don't feel like I'm working hard to raise my salary."
94,"Growth potential/future potential: We have solid welfare programs for our employees. Support for the use of sports clubs, subsidies for English schools, in-house refreshment services, etc."
96,"Office environment: We don't have to do the cleaning ourselves, and if the contractor keeps it clean all the time, I feel that each person's manners tend to be loose and dependent. Small and medium-sized enterprises clean their surroundings by themselves."
97,"Office environment: JP Tower does not have enough seats for the ever-increasing number of people. There are not enough meeting rooms, and assistants and secretaries are struggling."
99,Gap between expectations when joining the company and after joining: There is no particular gap because I was a non-regular employee
100,"Job Description: Temporary employees will also be given a certain degree of responsibility. However, the results are all taken by the employees saying, ""Thanks to my management."""
101,Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational system: [Points that employees should improve] It cannot be said that they are highly skilled in non-business work. Inexperienced people sometimes work inefficiently.
102,"Diverse Work Style Support: Dispatch is just dispatch. I get yelled at if I don't come on time, but I need to work overtime to finish the work that I've been forced to do."
104,"Job satisfaction: [Severity of work] It becomes difficult to produce results. Since I am a sales person, I think I may fail, so it depends on the job."
105,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: It's up to you to find a work-life balance. The basic working hours are from 9:00 to 18:00, but it is a super flextime with no core time. Therefore, you have to control it yourself. However, there are many things that must be done, such as self-study, document preparation, and customer surveys, so it is necessary to secure study time outside of work hours. It would be nice if I could make time to study during working hours, but most of the time I spend outside working hours due to customer support, research to advance business negotiations, internal meetings, etc. If you decide what to do and what not to do, you can maintain a good work-life balance, but if you try to do everything, even if you work until late at night every day, you will not be able to finish it, and you will be busy with work on holidays, and you will lose your balance. People who are not mentally bold tend to be hard to break down, push themselves into overwork, and tend to get sick. up to your control. Diverse work style support: Remote work depends on the department. Some departments are fully remote, while others come to work once or twice a week. However, family circumstances are taken into consideration, so they are not forced to come to work. Because of super flextime, it is possible to adjust the schedule, such as delaying the start of the morning to go to work after sending the child to nursery school for family reasons, or leaving early to pick up the child."
106,"Salary system: 80% of the estimated annual income presented is fixed salary and the remaining 20% ​​is incentives Incentives are paid quarterly. The calculation of incentives is more influenced by the figures of Japan as a whole than the figures of individuals, so for better or worse, you can get almost the same or more income than the initially presented assumed annual income. It is rare that you will receive an amount that is significantly different from the initial estimate, but it will not be less than the initial estimate. Evaluation system: Opportunity for promotion twice a year. As a premise, achieving individual goals is an important criterion for judgment, and if they do not achieve them, they will not be candidates for promotion in the first place. Among those who have achieved the goal, those who make a high degree of contribution in consideration of other activities and those who make high-quality proposals are promoted. There is also a pay raise apart from promotion, and there is a chance for a pay raise once a year. Salary increases are something that can be done if you are working normally, and your salary will increase by about 3 to 5% a year. The salary of the company is relatively high to begin with, so if your salary is 10 million yen in the previous year, your annual income will increase by 500,000 yen the following year, even if you are not promoted."
107,"Welfare: There is a good cafeteria in the office. The espresso machine is automatic, but the beans are specially roasted and replenished with good freshness, so I don't think you can taste the taste of this quality even at a full-fledged store. At first, most of the food was sweets, but in response to the voices of employees, healthy items such as dried fruits, fruits, nuts, and yogurt were offered, and I was worried about how much it would cost. Sometimes. ESPP and RSU, which are common in foreign companies, are helping to build assets other than salary at this time when stock prices are rising. Office Environment: Free desks are common due to lack of space for the increasing number of employees. There are quite a few meeting rooms, but they are not enough. The office furniture is well-invested, and the Aeron chair and stand-up desk are a big plus for someone who works long hours."
108,"Working Hours/Holiday Leave: Work-life balance is non-existent as long as you're an account executive. If you want to achieve this, you are told to work every day after 23:00 or until midnight, work on Saturdays and Sundays, and make five appointments all day from 9:00 to 19:00. If you don't have many appointments, your calendar screenshots will be made public and exposed to the company. Of course, the documentation will be done after that. In addition to that, commercial sales are made to build the customer's system. Diverse work style support: remote possible However, commercials have recently become obligatory to come to work, so it is possible to go home early.It means that you can work from home. Side jobs are OK."
109,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: It's up to you to find a work-life balance. The basic working hours are 9:00-18:00, but it is a super flextime with no core time. Therefore, you have to control it yourself. However, there are many things to remember, so it is necessary to secure study time outside of working hours. It would be nice if I could make time to study during working hours, but most of the time I have to spend time outside of working hours due to in-house meetings, etc. for customer service and business negotiations. If you decide what to do and what not to do, you can maintain a good work-life balance. People who are not mentally bold tend to be hard to break down, push themselves into overwork, and tend to get sick. up to your control."
110,"Salary system: Base + Incentive is the basic base for sales is low, but incentives fluctuate greatly depending on the results of individual goals, so successful sales can get high salaries regardless of age and get promoted. Other than sales, basically, incentives fluctuate according to the achievement of team goals, so there is no big fluctuation in salary. Funds for back-office systems are determined by company-wide performance, and bonuses are determined by process evaluations by managers. Evaluation system: Basically, I think that meritocracy is thoroughly enforced. The number of people has increased considerably in the last few years, but the salary is high, but the ability. . . At least I don't see people around me."
111,"Welfare: There is no housing subsidy as it is a foreign company, but there are some distinctive welfare programs such as a subsidy for infertility treatment and a health investment subsidy of 10,000 yen per month. Office environment: Around March-April 2020, when the policy based on telework was decided, subsidies to prepare the home environment were provided (and basic facilities such as headsets and mobile routers were given separately). I thought it was generous. At present, it is easy to work in the home environment with that assistance, but the fulfillment of the office is also one of the great attractions. You can concentrate on your work while changing your mood at the light meal space and desks with various layouts."
112,"Welfare program: Welfare program is very fulfilling. I feel that it is not an operation that is easy for people to handle. The office environment is highly convincing when you consider the generous welfare package to endure the operation: There is a stylish cafeteria and free sweets, etc., and I feel that I am working in a very good environment. The environment inside the company is probably unimaginable in a Japanese company. as if. It feels like a company doing BtoC business."
113,"Welfare: I think that I am very blessed, such as subsidizing the cost of equipment for remote work. When I was working in the office, there were various drinks and food in the cafe space, and it was so fulfilling that I could live there. Office environment: It's currently fully remote, but when I went to work, it was very accessible because it was directly connected to Tokyo Station at JP Tower and I could walk from Otemachi. The new office building was built on the Otemachi side, so the only drawback is that people who used to commute from Tokyo Station will have to walk a little longer."
114,"Salary system: If you give a square number to a rabbit, it will bounce back to your salary. Moreover, basically it will be reflected in the next month's salary, so motivation will increase. In addition, it often happens that the incentive is doubled or tripled only for special products called Spiff, so even if the annual achievement rate is 60%, it often exceeds the theoretical annual income. It's a great company with an amazing system. Evaluation system: Only numbers are reflected in the evaluation, so it is extremely easy to understand, and there is no need for extra thinking or rulers."
116,"Salary level: Sales positions have a base: incentive ratio of 6:4, making it an unsuitable environment for those who want to earn a stable income on a base basis. This is a standard level for a foreign company, but depending on the department and position, the base may be extremely low, so it may be difficult for married people and householders who need a stable life. It seems that there is room for negotiation with HR before joining the company, but there is a possibility that you will fall into an unexpected pitfall if you judge only by the high theoretical annual salary. The difference in treatment between people who are headhunted and those who apply is tremendous, and depending on the person, there are cases where the theoretical annual salary is double even for the same position or position. Some sales representatives actually joined the company with a theoretical annual salary similar to that of an executive."
118,"Welfare: There is no housing subsidy, but I feel that the salary is reasonably high. Many employees use the system of purchasing company stock as an investment tool. Regarding welfare, there is a system that subsidizes the expenses used for maintaining health by a certain amount every month, and everyone uses it habitually. Office environment: very clean. You are free to use any seat that is vacant. There is a mindfulness room where you can meditate and take a rest if you are tired."
119,"Salary system: Since the percentage of incentives is large, there is a big difference between new graduates and mid-career employees, and whether they are in sales or not. Since the budget is abundant, there are many allowances such as well-being allowance and home assistance. Evaluation system: There is no trend of seniority system like Japanese companies. Since the evaluation is clear and made by a large number of people involved in various fields, basically we do not receive evaluations that cause dissatisfaction."
120,"Welfare: The company also pays half of the corporate-type defined contribution pension. You can buy your shares on pretty good terms. Unlike Japanese companies, there are no housing subsidies or book purchase costs, but business school and outside courses can be covered up to about 600,000 yen a year. Also, I have the impression that there is quite a bit of care when something happens, such as illness, including family members. Office environment: Unknown at this time as we are moving to a new office"
121,"Office environment: Conference rooms are glass-enclosed for transparency. You can also get sweets and drinks for free at the cafe. Until before Corona, light meals were also provided. The office is directly connected to Tokyo Station, so you can commute without getting wet in the rain. From February this year, it will be directly connected to Otemachi Station, so you can come to work without getting wet in the rain. However, due to full remote work, there are few opportunities to go to the office. Even if there is, it is necessary to pre-register with the company's service before coming to work."
122,"Welfare: There are no housing subsidies, dormitories, property accumulation savings, etc. You can buy employee discount stocks. PC peripherals can be purchased at the company's vending machines. You can eat furugura, yogurt, sweets, ice cream, etc. for free. There are plenty of drinks, sometimes red bull. Office Environment: There are many meeting rooms and refreshment spaces. Some rooms seem to be empty."
124,"Gap between expectations when joining the company and after joining: Although I negotiated with customers as an enterprise salesperson, I could not get out of selling licenses, and I felt that most of the proposals for the last mile depended on partner vendors. Even if it was sold directly as it is, I didn't feel like I could finally see how the customer implemented it and improved their business. Even if it was just partial optimization, there were many responses that forced us into the department."
125,"Welfare: ・Shareholding system ・There is a subsidy for health activities (gym, massage, etc.) up to 10,000 yen per month, which leads to motivation to actively use it. Office environment: There was a situation where the office was unable to keep up with the increase in the number of people, but I think that COVID-19 has changed everything. We are planning to move to our own building next year, so I think it will improve."
126,"Benefits: Benefits other than commuting allowances and social insurance are listed on the menu. Office Environment: The office is located in a prime location near Tokyo Station. For employees who do not live in the city center, commuting time was often painful, but since the corona crisis, remote work has become the default, making it easier to work. The office requires a reservation to come to work, so there are cases where it is not possible to get a place."
127,"Welfare: I have the impression that the company has a well-developed welfare program that puts the ease of working for employees first. If it is an initiative that benefits the health of employees, it will be paid separately from the monthly salary of 10,000 yen. Widely used for massage, golf, gym, etc. There is support for staff with children, and it is an environment that is very easy to work for those with families. Although the only drawback is that there is no retirement allowance, the salary level is high, so if you can save money systematically, there is no problem."
129,"Salary system: Annual salary system and commission (incentive) payment system. The ratio is 60% of annual salary and 40% of commission, which is determined in a personnel interview before joining the company. Partly because of the high awareness of the company's ES and the recent good performance, a certain percentage of the sales support for remote work due to Corona (subsidies for purchasing IT equipment at home) and sales that could not go out due to self-restraint restrictions A generous system such as commission compensation is in place."
130,"Salary system: base salary + incentives. Incentives fluctuate according to target achievement rate. There is no cap on the amount of incentives paid. The more you sell, the more you will be returned. Depending on the time and product, the incentive amount may increase by 1.5 to 3 times. There are no bonuses as there are plenty of incentives. If you sell, you can make money, but if you don't sell, you don't get incentives, so your salary fluctuates. Transportation expenses are calculated at actual cost."
131,"Working hours/holidays/leaves: Since you control what you need to do, you can plan your own days off. Some people almost use up the paid leave they were given. In addition to paid leave, there are sick leave that can be used when you catch a cold, and nursing care leave that you can use when your child catches a cold and misses school. I don't and I can't stop."
132,"Salary system: base salary + incentives. Incentives fluctuate according to target achievement rate. There is no cap on the amount of incentives paid. The more you sell, the more you will be returned. Depending on the season and product, the incentive amount may increase by 1.5 to 2 times. There are no bonuses as there are plenty of incentives. If you sell, you can make money, but if you don't sell, there is no incentive, so your salary fluctuates. Transportation expenses are calculated at actual cost."
133,"Salary system: The percentage of incentives is huge. I think the current situation is that ote is quite low compared to other foreign companies. However, since the incentive is not only the amount but also the number of years of contract, spiff, etc., you can earn money even if you do not achieve it, and if you achieve it, you will get an accelerator, so it is good. Evaluation system: Depends on the account. mostly quantitative"
135,"Salary system: Divided into basic salary and performance-based salary, and for performance-based salary, each employee's goals can be flexibly defined in consultation with their superiors. Evaluation system: Job grades are clearly defined, and the criteria required for promotion are clear. Evaluation criteria other than work results, such as age and gender, are almost non-existent."
136,"Salary system: A little higher than other companies in the same industry. Granted stock options. Evaluation system: Since this is a new company, there is no seniority system. Most of them are mid-career hires. It's not a perfect meritocracy, but ability is required. English proficiency will be an advantage."
137,"Salary system: 10% of annual salary is bonus. Bonuses are not necessarily paid in full. Assuming full payment, 75 percent of the bonus will be paid in April and the remaining 25 percent in October. Evaluation system: There are clear criteria for promotion, which are open to all employees."
139,"Salary system: I think the salary level is generally high compared to the industry. There are an overwhelming number of mid-career employees, and I think that the range differs depending on the experience at the time of joining the company. Evaluation system: Numerical results are evaluated in an easy-to-understand manner, but on the other hand, if you can't leave numbers, it is difficult to lead to evaluation."
140,"Welfare program: There is a system that allows you to purchase the company's stock at a discount without housing subsidies. Office environment: There is an environment where you can work very cleanly and comfortably, such as office space. Snacks and drinks are available free of charge, so if you get hungry, you can continue your work while picking them up."
141,"Salary system: Although it depends on the type of job, sales are annual salary system + volume. So basically no overtime. However, due to the high standard, many employees are very satisfied with the evaluation system: promotion is basically once a year and the degree of difficulty is high. However, some people are promoted during the term. There are many young managers who are completely meritocracy."
142,"Benefits: Stock options are contracted. Office environment: Located in a prime location in the city center. I don't use an umbrella because the building is directly connected to Tokyo Station. There is a free vending machine in the company, and rice balls, sandwiches, ice cream, drinks, etc. are all free."
143,"Welfare: There is a system for purchasing company stock up to 15% of annual salary. There are 20 days of paid leave from the first year, 12 days of sick leave, and 5 days of nursing leave. Office Environment: We recently moved our head office to Otemachi. I've never been there, so I don't know the details."
144,"Benefits: Very cheap to buy company stock. Specifically, you can purchase at 15% off the price of the first and last half of the year, whichever is lower. Office environment: Work from home almost completely from March 2020 through July 2021."
145,"Salary system: There is quite a gap. Most of them are on an annual salary system. There are also bonuses at the end of the year. There are stock options, and you can sell the company stock. Evaluation system: Most of them are mid-career hires."
146,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: If you are assigned to a department that does not know the abilities and capacities of individual temporary staff, you will be given unreasonable requests such as ""please by tomorrow morning"" when there is clearly not enough time. may require long hours of overtime. Employees seem to assume that telework is possible, so they can take their computers home and work, but many people don't seem to understand that temporary employees can't do their work unless they're at the company. Also, even if a temporary employee consults that he or she is working overtime and cannot finish it within the deadline, the employee will be merciless and say, ""That's not my job,"" and leave without helping. I'm trying to shift."
147,"Working hours and holidays: Working hours are 8 hours with a 1 hour break from 9:00 to 18:00, which is very common. If the work is not busy, you can basically leave work on time. Also, you can go at any time during your lunch break, so if you want to avoid crowds, you can stagger your schedule to 11:30 or 13:00. The Marunouchi area, where our Japanese head office is located, is particularly crowded during lunchtime, so we are very grateful for that. Since our employees work flextime, it is possible for temporary employees to change their working hours if they have a reasonable reason and consult with us. In the past, when I said, ""I want to leave the office at 17:00 to go to the hospital, so I'd like to go to work one hour earlier, at 8:00,"" I got approval."
148,"Working hours/holidays: [Acquisition of paid leave] Paid leave is quite easy to obtain because it is a corporate culture that encourages taking it. It seems that employees can take leave separately in the morning and afternoon, and I often see people who take leave in the afternoon, go to the airport and travel, etc. Also, if it's just picking up your child or going to the hospital, you can adjust the time by flextime or remote work, so you don't have to bother to reduce your paid vacation. did. Even if temporary employees apply for paid leave for about a week in a row, they can definitely get it without being asked about the reason."
149,"Working hours/holidays: [Acquisition of long vacations] Employees are granted more days of paid vacation than the legal requirement, and it is very easy to take vacations, so we will encourage temporary employees to take vacations as well. I explained that I rarely take paid leave because I only have about 10 days, which is legally required, but people who push me a little to take a vacation, such as ""I should refresh myself!"" There is Even if you were able to take a week off like an employee, if you don't use your paid leave, your salary will be reduced by about 70,000 to 80,000 yen."
152,"Salary level: The salary is based on the previous job, but the base alone will not exceed the previous job. Since it is premised that basic incentives are provided, the salary will be more than the previous job, including that. There is no upper limit for incentives, so if you achieve them, you will receive a large amount of money. If it exceeds 120% etc., it will be accelerated and it will increase more. This is different between Enterprise and Small. If even young people can produce numbers, it will become a company where they can earn good salaries, which is also connected to their motivation."
153,"Company stability: Since it is a subscription-type business rather than a so-called SI or one-off package software business, contracts continue to accumulate and grow steadily as long as the license is not canceled. There is a mechanism for retention support and follow-up of existing customers (including user meetings, etc.) so that they do not cancel, so it feels good to be able to work from the perspective of ""customer success""."
154,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: Paid usage rate tends to be low in the sales department. However, not only results but also all processes are visualized in Salesforce, so people who ""do what they do properly"" rarely complain about taking a break. In addition, it is visualized that sales numbers will increase if we can thoroughly ""do what we do"", so each person has a sense of conviction."
155,"Welfare: Nothing special. I don't think there are many people who expect welfare benefits. Office environment: I no longer come to work, but the office is clean. And the relocation will be done, but the new office looks pretty amazing."
156,"Salary system: It is a general salary system for sales at foreign-affiliated companies. Basic salary plus incentives. If KPIs are significantly achieved, the incentives will increase as well. There are only a handful of people whose KPIs exceed 100% in inside sales. There are almost no allowances."
157,"Salary system: About 40% of sales incentives. If you achieve it, you will get big. Evaluation system: In sales, the order amount is greatly reflected in the salary. Multifaceted evaluation is done to raise the job grade."
158,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: 9:00-18:00. After that, it's up to the individual to work or not. Personally, I work overtime to get results, but I feel that the work style that allows me to take time to raise my children is very attractive because I work completely from home."
159,"Employment stability: [Compatibility between work and private life] As long as you can produce results, people won't say too much.  Basically, work is from 9:00 to 18:00, but overtime work is normal because there is no overtime pay. However, as long as the results are consistent, no one will complain even if they leave work at 18:00."
160,"Corporate Culture/Corporate Style: Good atmosphere. Diversity: No discrimination based on gender, race, nationality, religion, or disability. completely equal."
161,"Salary system: very good. No problem. A very good company and I would recommend it to anyone. Rating system: Very good. There is no particular problem, it is meritocracy."
162,Compensation: Base: Incentive was 6:4. Incentives are linked to individual new sales Rating system: vague
163,"Growth/career development: [Presence or absence of guidance from superiors and seniors] It is better to think that there is no guidance, especially for sales to super large companies.   There is a person called a tutor, but it is a disposition that people later say, ""Actually, I was a tutor.""   I can't use my boss' managing director at all."
164,"Ease of working for women: When I consulted with my boss about how to work after maternity and childcare leave, the rules were immediately reviewed."
165,"Salary system: Because of the incentive system, salaries are paid according to performance. Evaluation system: Merit-based and sales positions are easy to understand."
166,Salary system: All sales are composed of basic salary + incentives Evaluation system: Whether or not the target is achieved is the evaluation axis
167,"Working Hours/Holidays/Holidays: Overtime pay is substantial. There is a clear division between those who work overtime and those who do not, and there is an imbalance in the workload of each individual. If you work overtime after 10:00, you will receive a late-night allowance. If overtime hours exceed 60 hours per month (360 agreement), guidance is provided."
168,"Salary system: Sales are base salary + quarterly commission system. If the degree of achievement against the target is good, the commission will increase accordingly, but if the performance is not good, it will be the base salary + a small amount."
169,"Salary level: For the sales department, there is a base, but a complete performance-based incentive system has been introduced. The base incentive rate varies depending on the experience level in the middle. Salary is high compared to competitors."
170,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: Overtime (actual working hours) is generally long in order to achieve good results.・In general, it is difficult to get the expected evaluation without doing a lot of hard work soon after joining the company.・There is a discrepancy between the superficial system (creating an atmosphere within the company) and the reality of the workplace."
171,"Salary system: For sales-related occupations, it depends on the achievement of goals. Evaluation system: Sales positions are based on the target achievement rate."
173,Salary system: Enterprise sales account executive monthly salary + incentive system. The ratio of monthly salary to incentives was 6:4.
174,Easy to work for women: We have an environment that is easy for women to work in. Many people are actually returning from maternity leave.
175,"Welfare: [Ease of taking paid leave, how to apply] Apply online 2-3 days in advance.   The hurdles for consulting on applications are low, as communication is carried out using in-house communication tools."
176,Welfare: [Health-related initiatives and systems] We have begun to visualize overwork through the use of time cards for all employees. Specific measures after visualization and visualization accuracy are yet to come.
182,"Working hours/holidays and holidays: Overtime hours are long, but overtime pay is paid except for outside sales. I don't care about working hours because I will return as much as I do outside sales."
185,"Motivation: [Relationships with other departments] Low. There are times when I check with the sales person in charge regarding customer contracts, but everything is completed on SNS."
186,Welfare: [Systems and efforts to reduce working hours] None in particular. It seems that there is not much of such an idea because of the annual salary system.
188,Employment stability: [Monthly overtime hours] About 30 hours a month. neither more nor less.
189,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: I think it varies depending on the type of job and department, but there were some full-time employees who got married and had children, so I think the company can adjust to some extent as long as they are doing their own work properly. felt. Diverse work style support: I heard that remote work is the main thing after corona. Some people went home early due to going to the hospital or having children. I think that it was possible to adjust the time to some extent by negotiating with temporary staff."
190,"Salary system: I was a temporary employee, so I don't know about the company's salary system. I think it's result-oriented. Evaluation system: I was a temporary employee, so I don't know about the evaluation system. I think it's a meritocracy."
191,"Salary level: As an hourly wage for dispatch, it can be described as ""normal"". I've never had a particularly good salary. Also, when I talked to an employee who works in the back office, he told me that it was surprisingly cheap, saying, ""Are you sure you can only get this amount?"" However, it seems that the more you sell, the more money you make."
193,"Easy to work for women: Temporary employees are not particularly recognized as members of the company, so they do not feel that they are particularly easy to work for. Rather, newly-married employees in their 20s say, ""I'm busy,"" and just throw away simple tasks and miscellaneous chores, and go home quickly with the excuse that they need to go to the hospital."
195,"Evaluation system: The salary is too high for the content of the current job and working hours. The base salary is good, so I don't feel like I'm working hard to raise my salary."
199,"Growth potential/future potential: We have solid welfare programs for our employees. Support for the use of sports clubs, subsidies for English schools, in-house refreshment services, etc."
201,"Office environment: We don't have to do the cleaning ourselves, and if the contractor keeps it clean all the time, I feel that each person's manners tend to be loose and dependent. Small and medium-sized enterprises clean their surroundings by themselves."
203,"-Large company, there can be a decent amount of red tape"
212,The boundaries are a bit difficult given work is extending longer periods of time -- but that could be the case anywhere.
216,"Siloed products, N/A N/A N/A"
217,Lots of stress by end of quarter
225,a little higher rotation on upper management.
227,Lot of overtime work Offices still closed
233,Terrible place for out of college sales jobs
237,micromanagers. Not enough selling more account managers.
239,long hours standing on feet
242,"Can feel hard to take time off on your schedule - life revolves around month end, quarter end, etc."
244,"With exceeding priorities, there is little work life balance in ES. The burn-out is real."
245,"- The senior leadership and some of the middle leaders in this department clearly does not align with Salesforce as a company. We sit in employee town halls discussing flex time and working from home, but the leadership in this department wants to micro manage their teams and press their thumbs down on everyone. This department has been watered down so much in the last several years and we constantly hear about how we need to ""lower the cost to serve"" while also trying to shove case closures down everyone's throats."
250,Okay workplace. Place to improving
254,"Too many changes from management, added work for no raise, and average team."
255,"Positivity bias, data driven, too much snacks hahaha"
266,management is poor to work
267,Getting big really quickly. Internal cases are a bit of a pain when you need quick help or clarification.
276,Big company politics take over the fun
280,"Positivity bias, data driven, too much snacks hahaha"
283,"Terrible HR/ES team. They refuse to be transparent with your employee grade level and don't give real raises for internal promotions, especially if you're in sales."
286,Quota can sometimes be hard
287,"Slow development cycle, no room for promotion"
289,-Hard to define responsibilities -No calendar control -PTO can be hard to schedule during EOQ
298,"Long growth path, very slow Favoritism for promotions Encouraged to work overtime regularly, very demanding job"
300,Lots of meetings but not terrible hours
310,High pressure to earn certs while maintaining utilization targets.
316,Trying to follow other consulting companies.
318,Large company. Difficult to get things done and a lot of red tape
340,"Difficulty managing tech debt, cross-team issues difficult"
342,"Big company, sometimes processes are put in place by upper management that don't make sense"
343,Lower base salary than similar jobs on the market
355,five words five words five
359,Tech stack is a little bit old
367,Delegation to line managers but not much authority
372,Low salary compared to other SaaS providers
376,Work life balance apart from that I could not identify anything else.
379,Old tech stack and dev environment hurts the engineering productivity
390,Health insurance need improve better health
393,"sometimes troublesome work, that become tugh to manage. but still seniors helps to manage it"
412,"Can feel ""cultish"" at times. SE pay varies based on Geography which can mean a paycut/non-competitive pay depending on where you live and where you were working before. SE's are not paid commission for the quarter if they leave during the quarter. No pro-rated pay. Nothing. You just lose it. Only place I've worked where you give two weeks notice, they agree you can leave after a week because there is not reason to keep you aboard for the full two weeks, and they don't pay you the full two weeks. While employed, the culture felt caring and inclusive, and not like a big company . When you're ready to leave, you get treated like it's a big company where you are just a number."
416,A lot of big-company process.
419,Long days I’m the saddle.
425,Positions are remote now in pandemc.
431,- Restructuring every year No other cons.
438,Career promotion leveling guide is unclear
449,"The location is awful, it is depressing to work not in the city center - yes they’re moving to the docks but it’s still pretty far from downtown and won’t happen before 2021 No food - just some snacks, and pretty bad/unhealthy ones. These 2 points might seem trivial, but you will spend quite a lot of money on Luas and food, trust me, not to mention the time lost when commuting Career progression is there BUT it is extremely slow, which means it also takes a lot of years to move out of Dublin if you want to stay with the same company (4/5 years) It takes a lot of networking to move between functions (BDR to SE or CS) Harsh split of fixed and variable salary in AE roles (50-50) Level of stress always depends on the manager you get There’s not much of a fun element at work, besides the people, who are for the most part lovely and motivated. But no fun company kick off abroad, no cool off sites abroad, no happy hours, no end of quarter drinks... just compare it to other big tech company like Linkedin and Google - it’s much more boring The WFH policy for sales dev is non existent (1 day/month). Pretty ridiculous when this is an EMEA HQ and people are coming from all over. Allow people to go home and work from there to see their families, without having to take PTO all the time. Politics - it is a corporation, so it is political. It’s very clear that sometimes people get a role over others just because they are better liked, not because of their skills. Always need to show your best face which can be exhausting"
460,"Long hours, It's getting political, Sometimes too many people and processes to navigate for something small"
473,"- Taking into account the cost of living in Dublin the salary is not enough to get by - if you want to be able to live comfortably you should go elsewhere, but if you just want the experience it is worth it - Senior management does not bother communicating well at all with normal staff, it does not make you feel valued at all - Cramped offices, poor selection of snacks"
484,Lots of layers between upper management
486,"Low pay, not enough management levels"
490,Stressful work times Salary not competitive enough
498,A lot of routine manual work.
508,No cons for the company
515,Engineering team from Mulesoft might try to differentiate from Salesforce.
523,Unclear career progression for roles outside of Sales
526,"- Depending on your role, your manager might not support the VTO during work hours - Depending on your role, you might not have any male salaries to compare against - The company and larger industry is still male-dominated, and you will still come up against entrenched sexism, this isn't utopia - ""Drinking from the fire hydrant"" is the work load. You either step up or leave during probation. If you do step up, you will reach your limit, then be overloaded again. If you're a workaholic and can balance that in a healthy way, great, but SFDC plays lip service to work-life balance in many departments. The work-life balance is often achieved through working from home while your family is asleep. - 99% of opportunities outside of the USA are sales-focussed"
528,Sometimes difficult to keep up with the tasks
530,"no worklife balance, hours busy"
533,"Achieving your target depends heavily on the distribution of accounts/opportunities and therefore on luck and/or on the appreciation of your manager when (s)he distributes accounts and related opportunities. Salesforce managers refer to equality as an important principle, but some individuals seem more equal than others.. Most sales do not attain their targets in Belgium and base salary is low. There’s even people earning more on mileage expense than on base salary and commissions combined for several months. Be careful when stories are told before you sign your contract about very high salaries in case of going above your target. Almost none of the sales achieve >100% of their target and you typically enter without getting any decent opportunities. This obviously allows for direct pressure from the start. Poor package of benefits overall (e.g. no company car despite fiscal advantages in Belgium and not even a sales allowance/'representatievergoeding'). Unless if you’re one of the lucky few who goes well above targets. Very poor culture in Belgium in particular and poor coaching as well in my view. Also, in my case, there were several issues with payments, with Salesforce claiming that they would start paying (still waiting for payments now that were due more than a month ago). They don’t seem to care about local laws and rules in a small country to them like Belgium."
542,Relentless pace of sales growth and hiring is not necessarily matched and or paralleled by peripheral and other business units leading to occasional flares but nothing major. Also lack of focus on managing out the people that need to move on to greener pastures. Overall great benefits and nice work hard/play hard mentality. Increasing pressure on target achievement as they hire more and more salespeople reducing their territories whilst maintaining 30% yoy growth
543,"Achieving your target depends heavily on the distribution of accounts/opportunities and therefore on luck and/or on the appreciation of your manager when (s)he distributes accounts and related opportunities. Salesforce managers refer to equality as an important principle, but some individuals seem more equal than others.. Most sales do not attain their targets in Belgium and base salary is low. There’s even people earning more on mileage expense than on base salary and commissions combined for several months. Be careful when stories are told before you sign your contract about very high salaries in case of going above your target. Almost none of the sales achieve >100% of their target and you typically enter without getting any decent opportunities. This obviously allows for direct pressure from the start. Poor package of benefits overall (e.g. no company car despite fiscal advantages in Belgium and not even a sales allowance/'representatievergoeding'). Unless if you’re one of the lucky few who goes well above targets. Very poor culture in Belgium in particular and poor coaching as well in my view. Also, in my case, there were several issues with payments, with Salesforce claiming that they would start paying (still waiting for payments now that were due more than a month ago). They don’t seem to care about local laws and rules in a small country to them like Belgium."
546,Micro management to accommodate for the lowest common denominator. Commission structure means anything less than monthly quota and pay will be poor.
547,Long working hour Too many middle management
548,No proper career growth for employees
558,Became a bit too corporate but could be better now though.
567,"- Working from home is absolutely forbidden despite many of your colleagues living in different cities. - 4 sick days a year. If you take any more time from that, you'll then have to use your PTO hours. We get paid hourly, and they do not allow unpaid time off. - 8:30am to 5:00pm standard hours. Not sure why the extra half hour is needed. Don't even think of trying to leave at 4:57pm, even if you are crushing your targets. - Pay is below industry standard but most will argue, ""But you get to put Salesforce on your resume"". Most external hires take a lower salary than their previous job and oddly wear that as a badge of honour. That's how Salesforce executives want you to feel. The CEO is a billionaire, he didn't get there by paying his employees fairly. - Good luck trying to change departments if you ever feel like making a lateral move within the company. Salesforce has a policy stating you must stay in the same role for a minimum of 1.5 years before being allowed to move laterally into a different segment of the business. - Don't let them fool you with their ""best workplace"" awards. You won't feel that way in sales here."
569,Other people money hard work
570,1. Working remote require some business trips every couple months
573,"From the Professional Services Department point of view, there is a lack of opportunities for internal promotions as the management seems to prefer hiring externally most of the time rather than giving a chance to employees that have been developing very hard themselves for the next opportunity; lack of support for professional development with a significant slow down in investing in external trainings and certifications; a lack of transparency towards the consultants that get updated at the last minute about internal changes; quite some room for improvement with regards to resource management as consultants are unclear on what they are meant to be working a week ahead or in terms of priorities and are demanded to do the extra mile every mile; and finally buggy new products that take several years to get almost fixed"
575,"1. If you're hired as ""Success Agent Tier-2"" for CRM support then your Salesforce career is over because you'll be working in a specific skill group (Configuration, Usage or Email team) and do not get any chance to explore the real Salesforce CRM tool. 2. Management do not to monitor/plan their employees leaves(PTO's) properly which again makes very difficult to work with a huge backlog of cases. You can expect 25-30 cases per agent in AMER shift or 30-35 cases per agent in EMEA shift. NOTE: I have worked in Wipro (worst of all IT companies) so I am very well aware of overload/ extra amount of work. 3. They do not have enough ""Tier-3"" resource which makes your life miserable because as Tier-2, you'll be the only point of contact for the customer who has raised a case. If customer escalates the case or gives you DSAT due to the delay in resolution, then it won't affect Tier-3's performance. Management will simply blame you. 4. So many bugs/ Known issues in every major releases which will make you cry like hell as a support agent. 5. If you ask CSG management to hire more resources to reduce the back log, they'll simply say - ""No we cannot because we do not have enough budget"". 6. HR team sends out an employee survey link in each quarter but that doesn't make any change in your work life. 7. Also when it comes to ""Employee referral""(if your friends, relatives or siblings gets hired then you get $2000/each) program in Hyderabad is one of the most ""Corrupted"" program they've. I have seen 3 examples of corruption in referrals where managers referred their siblings who has really good terms with the ""hiring manager"". They all got selected and each manager earned easy $2000 + Family member (as a salesforce employee). So again if you're hired as Success agent Tier-2 then forget about referring anyone. 8. No way you will get Onsite chance. Strict policy. Also please do not dream of getting free passes/visit to Dreamforce event especially if you're in India. ()"
580,"-Reduced work-life balance due to bi-monthly business travels required to identify opportunities to build pipeline -Geographical distance from customers who are based in country -Growing sales teams means accounts per AE getting fewer with the targets not getting smaller -""Flexforce"" no seats assigned to AE -Weekly forecasting with monthly forecasts might not be suitable to everyone"
586,"- Offices are very far from the city centre, even though it's going to change by 2022"
602,"It’s somehow hard to get the work-life balance, long working hours are unavoidable . However, this is often compensated by flexible working."
604,"Line managers follow archaic software development practices. Little unit testing, test driven development and paired programming. Many mediocre developers churn out reams of untested, buggy, bloated code, adding to old, complex, monolithic code base. Very slow and buggy build and test automation system makes development incredibly slow and painful. Senior people accept the status quo. Hiring process is slow and unreliable. Internal systems complex and fragmented."
607,"- work/personal life balance: you need to be always on, even during vacation/outside of regular business hours - multiple acquisitions of other companies often requires modifying internal processes and structure (every fiscal year org structure seems to change - this may be a good or bad thing depending on your point of view)"
609,> Salesforce growth is such that processes are heavier and HR can no longer devote time to people.
615,Quotas can be a challenge.
633,- speed of the companies growth hinders process creation - tools: lots of spreadsheets when it could be in an IT tool - budget restrictions all the time
660,"Work/Life Balance, Need to be able to manage stress/intense cadence if you are in Sales"
666,Poor workers infrastructure and motivation towards work
689,- A lot of sales jobs are now being lost to other offices (US or Canada) - Base Salary is very low (but you will make up on it as OTE is pretty certain if you work hard)
702,"Mediocre management in Indian operations ( not Hyderabad ), Indian Sales Team. Local leadership( across levels and businesses) politics and attitude"
703,Unachievable targets/quotas. About 95% of Account Executives miss their number every month. High turnover of sales staff. Salesforce really don’t care about their customers. It is all about 30% yoy growth.
704,Middle management is not good
706,The instructions for final presentation were not aligned with interviewers expectation which resulted in me being hired one level lower
707,Too much internal meeting and processes
712,excessive work hours and work load
716,The offices are far from the city center
717,"I had to write few words here else I cant submit the review, so done :)"
722,lot of politics due to indian managers
723,No longer a startup and getting very corporate at certain levels.
738,Ability to work under pressure
745,"Dashboards for everything, no clear processes, lack of serious in management, a lot of favoritism - no HR representant"
757,"Compensation could be better, in Dublin it's below industry average"
770,boring daily tasks Management chain Poor career opportunities
775,Still experiencing some growing pains
789,Large cpy getting even bigger fast Management distribution to scale 'à la Oracle' Dehumannization/ automation Pressure and lack of recognition At scale
800,Employee looks tired because they are too busy.
809,"18 hour workdays, work on vacation, burn out"
819,"targets it is impossible to have good work/life balance overwhelming office - open desk policy is nice, but there is lack of desks"
827,"very corporate environment, hot desk policy."
833,"Low-medium income, bad location and parking lot"
836,"Priorities change constantly meaning that it's hard to get projects completed / running effectively before you have to change tack...but that does make for more interesting work and variety, it can just be a bit frustrating"
851,"Long shifts without breaks due to low staff numbers. Constant bombardment of incidents with a mountain of beaurocratic tasks to wrap up incidents. Promises of higher level experience never materialise. Having to compete with fellow staff to get leave. Management blame staff for refusal to keep up with workload even though refuse to hire more as well refuse to allow use of higher level skills to automate tasks. Management expect staff to be personal secretary and dig up information for their own reports. Management constantly shouting and over all culture of bullying. Management expect training of systems to be an ""extra curricular"" activity on top of long shifts with no breaks. Not allowed so much as a bathroom break without telling someone."
854,Company seems to be slowing down a little compared to when I first joined
859,"really fast pace, long or unusual work hours due to high demands on the business"
860,Relentless pace of sales growth and hiring is not necessarily matched and or paralleled by peripheral and other business units leading to occasional flares but nothing major. Also lack of focus on managing out the people that need to move on to greener pastures. Overall great benefits and nice work hard/play hard mentality. Increasing pressure on target achievement as they hire more and more salespeople reducing their territories whilst maintaining 30% yoy growth
862,"There are archaic technologies and unnecessary processes that kill engineering productivity. There is active work going on that are improving these issues, but it's a slow and painful process."
880,"- mostly work at the office instead of work from home - territories get shuffled frequently based on fiscal year, promotions, etc. it would be great if there's consistency with the territory, it's challenging to build your region only to be plucked from your patch the next round of territory adjustments - nothing else at this time"
881,"Compensation could be better, in Dublin it's below industry average"
883,Not aligned to competitors when it comes to salaries.
892,Monthly sales forecasting adopted by the company is not suitable for enterprise sales.
893,The atmosphere in the office can sometimes be a little negative
895,Lots of layers of management consisting of managers that could only ever survive in a large corporate structure. Lots of egos although that is to be expected from a sales organisation.
896,"when growing at 40%, pace is relentless, employees can tire under pressure"
902,Hard work all the time. It is a grind but you can rest your head down on your pillow at night and know you put in a serious effort.
914,Poor organization from the sales development recruitment specialist team.
923,"Too much rah-rah, just let others talk about your accomplishments, no need to pat yourself on the back. Now they want non-sales, non-customer facing employees to understand products to communicate to people outside of the company."
927,"its Pricey. Compared to the comp we are priced high making it more difficult to sell to smaller customers. we have to be more focused on catering to the small companies, not just by value but budget as well"
931,"Too many sales people, too little accounts Corporate culture becoming too much like Oracle Limited account base due to mass hiring for sales"
933,"A bunch of Oracle execs were hired over the last 3 years, and they have been busy replicating the Oracle culture here. The worst changes to the company have come in at the beginning of 2015. Quality Engineering was de-prioritized across the R&D organization. Many of the QE execs have been given different roles (I am not complaining about this. To be fair, many of these so-called QE execs should be fired. Do we really need 10 VPs in Quality Engineering? QE heads are now reporting to development managers. The road ahead points to converting all teams to Engineering teams. So if you are a QE trying to get a job, look elsewhere. Do not listen to the drivel from the recruiters. QE ROLE IS ENDING AT SALESFORCE! Added to this, the conflicting priorities are ever increasing in this company. R&D is at its 3rd attempt to re-write the UI, and make it adaptive at the same time. The so-called Salesforce 1 app was a disaster. The next attempt is starting in 2015. Although there is not a lot of hope for it, many of the ""leaders"" driving this will surely make hay via promotions and stock grants."
936,sometimes having to work long hours. This is not mandatory.
938,- There really isn't anything negative I can say about working here
943,Some internal growing pains as a result of extremely fast growth.
951,"Stressful, starting to turn into oracle pt2"
953,High Tempo Sales Environment Tie to Quota Business Travel
954,* Pay is low
956,There is literally nothing bad I can say. Salesforce is an amazing place to work.
963,"Lower than industry-average compensation, poor life-work balance, 30 day sales cycle conflicts customer-centric philosophy which leaves revenue on the table for Salesforce and sometimes matches the wrong products/process to customer needs for fast sale."
965,"Crazy turnover Very few achieve quota (and therefore make very little money) - I'm well over my #, but am the exception Sales management micro management and expectations Very little product enablement for customers, support is struggling, revolving door with accounts means everyone has a short term focus (sell it all now, let someone else deal w/ the aftermath)"
973,"Extremely short staffed, meaning workload is immense and the metrics pressure is insanely stupid putting undeserved pressure on employees. Upper management is completely clueless about anything that doesn't appear on their dashboard."
976,hard grind and a lot of pressure
977,"Not all product arms within Salesforce are organized equally. The Marketing Cloud arm is sequestered from the core teams, so there isn't nearly as much transparency or growth as compared to the core organization."
979,stagnant compensation small raises and promotions
980,"Cost cutting measures taking effect due to growth Quotas increased mid-year for account execs based on deal sizes closed Commission rates reduced as quotas increase Caps on AES earnings Tough to earn money year over year - feast one, starve two mentality"
988,"Politics, politics, politics, politics, politics"
990,"Work can be a bit dry, hard to network due to many employees"
993,there is a considerable amount of pressure on the monthly sales cadence even though you have a annual quota.
998,"Not too many cons... Apprentice don't have access to all of the benefits since we're part time (this is normal). Relative to geographic location, pay is pretty low for apprentice so living in the city can be tight money wise."
999,- No Paid Sabbatical after 5yr or 10yr - Limited time off - Maternity/Paternity leave. - 15PTO New Hire - 401k 4K limit.
1004,The hours can be pretty hard sometimes
1005,They do not hire within and at times do not provide the gratitude deserved by employees for over achieving.
1013,"Big company, sometimes too relaxed."
1027,- some middle managers are not good - usual politics in engineering
1041,disorganized; changing priorities; ad hoc
1042,"Why is drinking such a big part of the company culture? It saddens me that even a below-21 intern feels he/she can't participate fully in the ""culture"" because drinking is such a ""big part"" of it, as seen in a recent Glassdoor review. I don't drink for health reasons, and I often feel like work events (holiday parties, team celebrations, Dreamforce) are less rewarding for me because the non-alcoholic choices are an afterthought. Can I have a $20 gift card instead?! I've seen a lot of employees misbehaving and embarrass themselves through alcohol. Time to cut back. Alcohol is not the same thing as a company culture. Second, I have no illusions that working remotely is a perfect situation. I know I miss out on a lot in the office and I am ok with it. That said, I think the company could do more to make Salesforce better for non-SF members of the Ohana. I also think there should be better career paths for those who are not managers. Because I'm remote, I have been told I don't have much room to move up since I can't manage remotely (even though my manager manages me remotely... and that seems to work fine). The company expects so much of us during Dreamforce (12+ hour days for a week), but we never see any time off as a result of that."
1043,"No real cons to share, only thing I would say is that it is a very typical industry job (a ""boring"" 9-5)."
1044,The company has some catching up to do because of the rapid growth.
1055,"long hours, confusion around org structure"
1057,Should offer telecommuting option for reps that do not live close to a an office.
1058,"lots of growing pains, not very data driven"
1061,"Bloated Management, Hard to get ahead"
1063,Bureaucracy - Internal framework sucks - top down approach in engineering -
1069,"Employees overworked, bad departmental management"
1073,"- Getting big and unwieldy so all the innovation can get a bit chaotic - Politics at HQ, better in satellite offices -"
1082,roles are sliced too thin. business still tilted towards the core sfa and service cloud business.
1084,The worst work life balance than any company I have worked for. They only care about growing revenue at any cost and the most short term focussed company. Employees have to turn around everything within 24 hours irrespective of personal priorities. Expected to work weekends with no compensation for long hours out in The Sales culture is a mess with large attrition as nobody wants to stay longer with such short term focus
1094,"Management glaringly incomplete / arrogant! the wave analytics product should of never been released...at least another 18 months of basic development needed... Couldn't do basic analytics functions, nowhere on the Gartner Magic quadrant, and dropped price so much that reps can't make any money unless it's an added line item on a large non Wave deal"
1098,sales territories are getting small
1116,2017 goals are causing a lot of culture shifts Could be Oracle 2 given the amount of ex-Oracle hires since 2013
1126,"- If you come from an acquisition, Salesforce isn’t going to pay you as well as they pay their internal employees. Even if you are doing the same exact job as someone inside Salesforce, you will probably be making significantly less than what a core employee will be making. It was extremely frustrating and completely demeaning to hear all the hype and news about how Salesforce employees are so happy with their compensation and how Salesforce is making strides towards equal pay. Apparently, acquired company employees are not part of that equation and we do not hold as much value and shouldn’t be treated as equals…ridiculous. I asked for a compensation change in order to match or even come close to the pay of my peers within the Salesforce organization but was told that Salesforce does not have enough internal data to justify a compensation change. Essentially, there was no proof at Salesforce that I was worth a compensation change. This blew my mind because when you first hire someone, you have no proof internally that they are worth the salary that you are going to pay them. What you do instead is evaluate their past experiences and then you determine what is fair pay based on their experiences, skills, and the job that they are doing. You have no internal data or proof in that situation. If you acquire a company, yes, you have no Salesforce data to prove that an employee is worth a certain salary but you acquired a product that you clearly thought had value and the people who helped to create that product are not worth a compensation change because you don't have enough data? I had been working for the acquired company for almost a year, but all of that was meaningless because if you're acquired, it seems like you're not truly a ""Salesforce employee"" and being paid fairly is not something that applies to you. - Our entire acquisition process was a complete mess. My team and I essentially had to operate “as normal” which was completely impossible given that all of our management and the rest of the company were trying to figure out the acquisition themselves. We were lost in the transition, did not have managers for quite some time, and were essentially left to fend for ourselves for the better part of 4 months. It didn’t seem like the M&A team knew what to do with us and had forgotten we existed. - During the acquisition process, we were told that there would be tons of opportunities within the Salesforce organization but once we were in the Salesforce organization, in reality, there were no opportunities. We contacted departments and teams we were interested in and were repeatedly told that they were not hiring or that you needed XYZ experiences that none of us had. We had no choice in what department or role we were assigned. A role was thrown on us, whether we liked it or not, with no other presented opportunities. - My team and I were expected to hit ridiculous numbers as soon as we were acquired despite the fact that we were not fully integrated, did not receive the goal numbers until halfway through a quarter, and still had to facilitate the entire merging of all our systems with Salesforce's systems. We received very little support from the core Salesforce organization and were treated as if we were incompetent because we could not hit these numbers. It seemed like my team and I were being set up for failure so that the core team had a reason to get rid of us once we did not hit a specific goal."
1131,"Nothing really bad to complain. Sometimes you will feel the pace is not fast enough, and there maybe a lag from newly hot technologies"
1132,"Really hate working in San Francisco. It's cold all the time (don't expect a summer here), lots of homeless people all over, super-expensive to live in the city or long commute from elsewhere. Walking to the shuttle and waiting for the shuttle is painful, particularly when it's cold or rainy which is a lot. Downtown traffic is horrible and parking costs $50/day which is unaffordable."
1140,"Very very political Cannibalistic culture - never have I experienced employees treating other employees with such disrespect - quick to back stab - self serving Expected to answer emails and work 24/7 People will email you, then if you don't respond in 2 hours call you, then come to your desk. Unfair distribution of work - lots of people seemingly only have 1 or 2 things to do which warrants them sending multiple emails asking if you got their first two emails after a few hours. Sandbagging budgets - budget owners will make up headcount needs and cook the books to hold onto money and use it for self serving purposes rather than the good of business"
1150,"-Terrible customer service-- Unless client pays for premium customer service, we can't help them (and even then we have to pass them onto a rep in another country); -Huge company with an even bigger ego. If you worked anywhere else, it's nothing compared to SF. You're lucky to work there and they don't value any of the reps opinions. If you were a senior level salesperson elsewhere, prepare to take at least two steps back. -Quota is unrealistic and management knows it. The best reps hit quota once a quarter typically. -Overworked: scolded if you don't answer calls and emails on weekends. -Benefits aren't always what they seem. Try to take full amount of paternity leave and you'll be told by management that, ""No one really takes that long for paternity leave. You can come back in a few days or else your job won't be here."" -Never able to take days off at end of months or the entire last month of a quarter."
1156,Transition period to salesforce was a little rocky.
1159,Too large to feel as though you are making a difference in the company
1174,"1. Too much politics! You will spend more time dodging criticisms and blames, rather than doing actual work. 2. Unless you can speak ""Tamil"" or ""Telugu"", or are awesome at work politics, you shouldn't join this company's IT department. Hard work is not rewarded. 3. Absolutely not worth being here if you are a contractor, unless you don't mind being treated like a slave."
1184,Multiple Hub offices but everything seems to happen at HQ
1194,"I wouldn't tell even my worst enemy to go to work for Salesforce after the experience I have had. It's a huge company that cares very little for lower-level employees. Don't expect to transfer departments or move to a better job no matter how hard you work. You will be subject to the whims of upper management.. The company has also recently changed its volunteer time off policy to turn it into a weird sort of competition, so there's no longer a guarantee that you will receive a grant to donate to the charity of your choice if you complete your volunteer hours for the year. Everything about this company is horrible and the direction it is headed is wrong in so many ways."
1199,Company is growing fast and as a result there's a growing bureaucracy that's makes it difficult to get things done quickly and efficiently.
1201,There is a strong learning curb for those of you who do not come from technical backgrounds
1208,"The work can be slow and dull at times. Occasionally there are fun scaling problems, but that's not the norm."
1212,"office politics, changes in the workplace may be excessive"
1213,"Ultra micromanaged, terrible office morale, revolving door sales team. Leadership is out of touch and fills the day with ridiculous reporting and busy work. Consistent missing payments in your paycheck. You'll have to chase down every deal. Zero work / life balance."
1217,No Free Lunch for Engineer
1223,"No Free Lunch, Benefits are trimming as company is growing."
1233,"The workforce is not very diverse and the environment is all about doing what it takes to launch product without any thought to employee burn out. No work/life balance & their work from home policy is also misleading. Layers and layers of politics beyond anything you will ever experience (& I've worked for some large corporations but nothing like SFDC)! More often then not, people get promoted based on popularity & not on merit. Internal opportunities are few as they would rather backfill from outside rather than consider developing an internal candidate. I'm surprised at the number of people that say this company cares about their people as all the depts I've worked with including my own often referred to having a ""thankless job"" and the sentiment seemed consistent everywhere I went - the only exceptions are the employees that are fairly new to the company. I am a firm believer in giving back which is why volunteerism was an important criteria for me when seeking out employees. I was so disappointed to discover that my management saw volunteer hours as a game - ""log your hours and volunteer so we can beat the other dept....I will be checking hours by the end of the week"" This is disturbing!"
1237,"a bit of an overwhelming pace, but well worth it!"
1243,And there's no shortage of work.
1246,one may feel stuck working on the platform
1249,"Unfortunately, all of the above is not available across the board. My manager has, short of explicitly saying it, told us we can only volunteer 15 hours a year, to create only one career development goal, “he doesn’t care what it is”, rolls his eyes at the thought of us taking advantage of the company’s championed cause of meditation, told us we aren’t allowed to take ANY time off for a six month period every single year. And to top it off, he’s the biggest micromanager I have ever worked for in my career. You better be the first one there, and last to leave, finishing work at home doesn’t “count”. And not once, has he ever complimented or commended any of us. Doctor appointment? Have a family commitment during the week? Better not make a habit of it. God forbid you have something going on that requires frequent doctor visits. If we want to grow our skill sets via Trailhead, better do it after hours or on the weekend. Mind you, I talk to other people in the company and they are appalled that this is happening. My ratings are based on my specific experience, and do not represent the typical Salesforce experience. I thought it was just him, and some of it certainly is, but the whole department is toxic. There’s turnover left and right, every couple of weeks it seems another coworker chooses to leave the company. And if the VP cared, they would do something. It’s blatant. I have thought of raising the issue to HR but it’s obvious these people have been here a long time, and make someone above them happy, so it’s pointless."
1261,Management and Vice Presidents (repeat it)
1263,"All territories are not created equally (although the effort is there to make it as equitable as possible). It's a grind and the pressure is there, but for the driven individual the results are worth it."
1267,"Really large intern cohort (300+ in sf alone), so felt a bit lost among all the interns. Although the apartments are all nice, the locations varied widely. I could walk to work easily, but I know people who had to bus 30-40 minutes to get to work. Teamwise, I know some interns who weren't as lucky as me and ended up in teams who barely interacted outside of work (i.e. no eating together during lunch). What team you end up on all seems to boil down to luck (you interview directly for a team vs having a team matching process)."
1272,Sales is a grind with lots of micro-managing and overwhelming asks from management
1278,- Trying to figure out where I'll be sitting / changing buildings to in the next few weeks - Not having two screens to work from
1286,"Sometimes boring work Not too many interesting ML teams, especially in Bellevue"
1289,Can be bureaucratic at times. A lot of people are doing boring work or work they aren't passionate about. The company does a bad job keeping people placed on teams or projects that they're passionate about. There were volunteer events that seemed like they were more for the instagram page or press release than for actually helping the community which was very disappointing to see.
1296,terrible location to commute to. we came through a buy out. first year was good. second year was bad. All top people of my startup were forced out after less then 2 years. we were given crap tasks to do after a year with tons of politics and terrible management. Management changes by the minute.
1308,"Salesforce has not been able to produce final compensation plans for the year and it's near September. Also the comp plan was massive shift in the companies favor (maybe to pay for recent acq's). Details in comp plan effect percentage payout, and they know the sales folks are up to speed on it now. Most enterprise software commissions for sales are in the 7-13% range. Salesforce has let a room full of analysts change it so you make 3% if you don't sell the type of contract they want. A lot of talented sales folks have left."
1319,Shrinking territories and increasing quotas every year. Accounts change hands regularly (every year is typical). Customers feel like their AEs are revolving doors. Overachieved my goal number and did not make club.
1323,"Bureaucracy, product falling behind, constant T&E restrictions"
1327,None so far. Nones so far. That's one way to meed the 5 word minimum
1334,Due to fast growth poor quality of products
1336,"Tough and expensive for those in the North Bay to get to HQ (no shuttles). Otherwise, so thrilled to be working for Salesforce."
1337,"Nothing major - Many of the instructions are 80% complete - you need to be smart and figure out the last 20% (mostly to do with fast paced, and changing processes)"
1347,"Stressful, starting to turn into oracle pt2"
1355,Some of the onboarding and process documentation is lacking.
1365,"On-boarding is lengthy and deadlines for training are a bit tight, reducing how much you’ll retain. Duplicate topics and content in the new-hire training (trailhead). System sprawl. Many different systems, apps, are in use, probably at least partly due to acquisitions. Many complicated, multi-step login procedures for different systems. Too many TLA’s (three letter acronyms). Too many sweets (cake, ice cream, candy) available."
1368,"Management can struggle with direction, and fail to pass that on to the team. Employee's can often slack off and not be held accountable/responsible for work"
1372,"You basically work in a sweatshop as an AE. I’d honestly love know who they are interviewing and how Salesforce is winning “best company to work for” because it’s definitely not the sales team. Quotas are completely impossible to hit. I had a 1.1 million dollar quota for a territory that made $200,000 TOTAL the year before. You tell me how that adds up?! On top of that, I was putting in 11-12 hour work days (which is encouraged, might I add) and only making 3% commission on every deal I closed even though I grew my little territory over 80%. You make no money here, you are not compensated fairly and when brought up to management they sweep it under the rug and deflect. Management and leadership plays favorites and gives larger, More tech savvy territories to AEs who are not skilled but rather, who they party with. Yet we all have the same quotas (unless you actually have a lower quota bc you’re a favorite too)."
1373,Nothing to report at this time.
1375,territories are small compensation plans
1379,"It's hard work, sometimes advancement can be difficult or ambiguous"
1381,"Favoritism by management. Accounts are hand selected so that favorites make their number while others are given ""whitespace"" accounts that don't buy. Marketing cloud is selling while service cloud is floundering."
1391,. Not to great engineering practices
1393,Some people get stressed by the fast-paced nature of the job and monthly quotas
1400,"The economy is forcing Salesforce to eliminate some of the previous benefits like company phones, car plans"
1409,The company has grown so quickly that often the left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing which may create overlap in activities which reduces efficiency.
1416,The Chicago office is a boys club. Lots of senior sales leaders/VP’s got away with inappropriate behavior for a long time due to lack of HR presence in the office. Very political and promotions are a popularity contest. Also needs more racial and gender diversity-much improved but still a long way to go.
1442,- Managers micromanage. This is a very metrics driven org where KPIs are assessed every week. - Territories are getting smaller and smaller - OTE is achievable but it's hard to hit your monthly quota month over month.
1444,"- Large amounts of reorgs can cause some whiplash and lack of cohesive work - Some legacy products - Some engineering teams have it way worse than others (in terms of WLB, On Call Schedule, Client Complaints etc)"
1450,Pay is not as high as similarly situated companies and promotions/advancement are harder to come by and not as clear how it's done.
1455,Frequent reorgs and Office politics
1460,dependency on HQ older technology stack
1461,"slow pace, slow project progress."
1474,"The work can be slow and dull at times. Occasionally there are fun scaling problems, but that's not the norm."
1478,- Trying to figure out where I'll be sitting / changing buildings to in the next few weeks - Not having two screens to work from
1488,Some old technology. Salesforce is a successful business running on an 18 year old application.
1494,"Some processes are still painfully manual, some ""Face time"" obligations."
1496,"Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing nothing"
1508,The company is huge and very bureaucratic. I have strange rules for sales people and have hired too many people for the number of accounts.
1509,"- You can feel ""left-behind"" here at times, so it's crucial to stay organized to keep up with the pace, especially early on. - Work-life balance (self-induced): it's easy to become attached to your work and your accounts, and it trickle over into your personal life after hours, or on weekends. - Difficult quota to hit, but that's for a reason. if this were easy I suppose they would let anyone in. Can't think of anything else. It's hard to find things wrong with Salesforce, in fact this section took me a lot longer to provide the bullet points above then the pros section."
1515,Constantly asked to do double what you did before in half the time. Very easy to burnout and you constantly feel like your feet are to the fire.
1523,"Working on the core Salesforce product can be a huge pain and giant time sink. They've let it go way too long to address the numerous issues that make developing on it a pain. The company also has a bad habit of Not Invented Here Syndrome, so instead of using something like React for our UI we're writing our own component framework. To make matters 10x worse it's all driven by Java ;_;"
1524,-very high quotas (high commission comes from exceeding quota)
1525,Average Compensation and Perks. Big company like management.
1530,Low pay compared to other software companies Territories are very small and managers give best ones to the people they like Need to be in the office everyday Feels like a cult at times
1536,"Being a SaaS sales role, the number of transactions are high."
1538,To much back office paper work
1540,- fast growing and then maybe sometimes a bit too much internal politic and micro management
1547,High-Speed operations Sales driven Sometimes perceived as aggressive Demandin a lot from their employees
1548,"Managers play favouritism, huge office politics, no work-life balance in India"
1553,Depending on accounts it can be a really long year
1571,No cons- only pros at this company
1579,competitive lower pay can be a grind
1587,"I hope no layoffs in future,"
1595,"Workload, targets, support.,7 thats it"
1605,Because of the size of the company some projects may take longer than expected.
1609,Nothing to complain about this company
1618,Onboarding from home has been difficult but salesforce aimed to make it as seamless as possible
1635,There is considerable salary gap between people doing the same job
1637,not clear on promotions for job
1642,Trying to find its identity at the moment as it shifts from growth to profitability.
1650,1) Large Corporation 2) Distance Employee Relations 3) Communication 4) Organization 5) Meetings 6) Deadlines
1655,not clear on promotions for job
1662,"Everything seems to be in place as for my first 6 months at Salesforce, completely fit to expectations"
1689,None really beside the current work from home that is not related to Salesforce
1691,Layoffs come out of nowhere and make no sense. Slashing entire departments and teams after reporting record Q2 earnings.
1692,Very big company - maybe not as much impact as you'd like to have..
1699,Slower linear growth in some roles
1718,Onboarding from home has been difficult but salesforce aimed to make it as seamless as possible
1722,Can be bureaucratic at times but that's with any big company
1724,-Very poor work-life balance especially for senior members in India. -We cannot really switch off from work in the evening due to the evening calls to cater to the Pacific time zone. -Lot of dependency on US teams. -Monolithic architecture -Too many processes that can slow us down.
1727,Getting a bit bureocratic Too much work
1732,Pay is below industry standards
1735,No cons to mention about this company
1738,Shift timings are not up to the mark
1746,Navigate political management Slow promotion cycles
1767,"none really, management, wages, holidays"
1769,No canteen in the office
1771,Very heavy workload. The promotion cycle is twice a year and the salary increase is not much.
1774,Sometimes work-life balance may get impacted depending on the team.
1786,Salaries are far behind the market average
1787,Not fully remote Mediocre and repetitive work
1794,big company and sometimes dev process involve to many unnecessary people
1795,"Work can get cyclical quarter on quarter. You're part of a high-functioning, delivery team and you need to be able to hit your number each quarter and deliver."
1796,Frequent Org change Management does't care much about employee career growth
1802,Pathetic management No work life balance
1805,- Growing pains - too much process
1809,Stress High targets Monthly targets Some patches better than others
1813,Work/life balance is sometimes challenged by the high ambitions No lunch arrangement
1817,Verticals apart from technology and products are paid lower with low or no RSUs compared to same roles in T&P.
1831,Promotions process Salary/commissions lagging behind the market
1832,Bit corporate and bureaucratic and can be very “proper”.
1838,"Constant changes in both leadership and patch Accounts changes every year and if you are given a bad patch there is no understanding that the numbers may be low due to that Forget about a promotion if you dont hit your numbers, they would even hire an outsider then you if they have similar experience Its a cold call hell where you are suppose to bring in new logos all the time from a patch with ""potential""350 prospects and the data in the patch is bad. Some companies went bankrupt years ago and are still in there Maybe its bettet on other segments but SMB its not to recommend This is for the Dublin office"
1844,"If you agree to special projects your career may stagnate rather than grow. The newish job definitions created transparency, but don't always benefit the employee or the company when something outside of the box is needed. A PM working on a new product that will take a multi-year effort does not meet the requirements for their job or promotion because everything is based on an existing product and working with Scrum teams. Taking that big bet stretch assignment will bench you career-wise."
1855,Salaries could be more competitive
1858,Getting a bit bureocratic Too much work
1860,Difficult to get promotions unless you have worked here a set number of years
1868,No work life balance biased promotions un fair and questionable practices
1872,- not many lawyers for lots of sales staff - overworked - lack of management directions - not much variety
1875,Different processes and bureaucratic at some times
1876,the staff there are mean
1878,Some management focus on technical side with no time for people management
1896,Some time order maybe late
1903,Poor compensation in engineering leading to mass resignations at 5-6 year seniority mark. It’s depressing to see colleagues leaving.
1910,Too many activities and hype that may impact productivity.
1911,Getting harder to earn significant money now Lots of management layers now Complex set of products
1913,Lower pay than other Tech companie
1919,"A huge, high growth company. It doesn't bother me but if you don't like change or being part of a large well oiled machine, this isn't the place for you"
1927,salary should be more high
1933,mean boss little vacations terrible coffee
1937,Sometimes the company seems chaotic. We're growing so quickly that things are always changing which can feel a bit frustrating but worth it in the end!
1940,Lower than market salary and benefits
1944,A lot of boring tasks
1948,pay is below industry average
1952,"Being a big company, sometimes things get really bureaucratical"
1955,"Not as such, everything is best right from the work to management"
1971,salary promotion aa aa word change opportunity
1972,"Big company, easy to become invisible."
1975,Politics in the local business
1982,Sometimes work-life balance may get impacted depending on the team.
1985,"High quota, complexity of the processes"
1986,Sometime have a lot of bureaucratic
1991,"High quota, complexity of the processes"
2002,Salary is competitive but not outstanding
2003,The salary could have been higher
2014,Nothing negatives with the company
2018,-too much pressure on employee
2024,Hard work with high quota
2027,Sometimes the company seems chaotic. We're growing so quickly that things are always changing which can feel a bit frustrating but worth it in the end!
2033,"What they're doing is working at a business level. The company is a rocket ship, still. But it's at the expense of its people. Below are a few of the cons I find most frustrating. - Micro Management on an extreme scale. I joined just before the pandemic and it has gotten continually worse since being forced to work from home. You don't feel trusted. - Unrealistic workloads. - Encouraged to manage your work life balance but chastised if you actually do it. I've been scolded for having my car serviced at 2pm, or taking annual leave at a quarter cut off to celebrate a birthday. - Meetings for meetings sake burning precious time. - Saturated account sets. Prospects get bombarded continually from all angles of Salesforce and have been for over a decade. - Lead generation is down to you. You have to be BDR, AE and even SE on some opportunities, unless you're in the enterprise/strategic accounts. I have not had more than 3 leads passed to me in almost 18 months. - Always an ""urgent"" action that needs to be taken. Often which is not directly impacting your ability to engage with clients."
2040,Work Overtime almost everyday and get paid a little
2046,Domain restriction when lookibg at career growth
2053,Work Overtime almost everyday and get paid a little
2058,Expected to deliver results quarter over quarter
2067,Typical big company with soiled organization.
2071,lots of admin work required
2073,Low sales pay compared to market
2076,projects you are working on can get to redundant after some time
2079,"not too much cons, too much meetings?"
2081,May be slow at times.
2083,Pay not as high as competitors
2100,"The work can be a bit repetitive. Salespeople are the ""stars of the show"" so sometimes you end up playing a vendor role more than a strategic thought partner / advisor role Not a ton of room for upward mobility"
2101,"Honestly no cons, this company is all it's cracked up to be"
2103,Pay is low and work boring
2112,"I was reassigned to a devops team, when I was expecting to be a SWE last minute."
2118,BAD ENVIROMENT and the dont pay on time
2120,- oddly political when it comes to promotions - sometimes you work late hours - sometimes harder to ask for more pay
2124,"AEs change accounts each fiscal year - customers do not like this and could promote a ""im not going to make $ on this account"" mentality, very difficult to form long lasting relationships Healthcare vertical struggles with sales - I hardly got any commission checks Constant forecasting So much admin work each quarter and month"
2132,"Big disconnect from management especially at the higher levels, information is slow to disseminate, problematic change management"
2134,"I was reassigned to a devops team, when I was expecting to be a SWE last minute."
2146,Starting to have an overburden of internal processes that get in the way of job productivity.
2147,"Rigid structure, promotion cycle / timeline"
2152,Sometimes there is an overhead in communication. Total compensation could be better. Talented engineers often leave the company for better compensation.
2153,Salary isn't competitive compared to other large companies
2154,"Place has become slow, anything new has a lot of cross-team bureaucratic red tapism to jump . by time you jump it will be years. Agile is good if things are done when its needed . At time by time things start the need has changed ."
2156,Lots of internal meetings/admin work
2166,"not too much cons, too much meetings?"
2170,- bad equity refreshers - large company
2172,"Very fast paced, not really a con but for some it might be Lot of activities that you must do just to check a box and be a good corporate citizen Difficult Onboarding for new hires, drinking from a firehouse is an understatement"
2174,"Lots of duplication, shadow orgs, hard to get work done."
2176,"Too much work, not enough downtime"
2178,"Finance department has some growing pains. Pretty sub-par culture with a bug lack of management on work load, project management, and more. Work-life balance out the window here. A big piece of the org is great, but there's some employees who haven't figured out a good management style to the detriment of the team"
2179,Tough sales process and can be long sales cycles. Managers are tough on forecast I think that is about it
2181,I really don't have anything but good things to say about the company
2189,Since its rapid growth there seems to be some red tape forming. Some of it likely to Covid. I am hourly and can no longer just submit overtime freely. It seems harder for someone right out of school to advance with all of the outside hires coming in.
2192,"The company spends more time marketing Equality externally than actually behaving with that value in mind. They do not publicize retention. Microaggressions, bias, and unequal pay are still issues. Zero accountability, even from teams tasked to lead this work. From a technical standpoint, it can be easy to pigeonhole yourself into their proprietary stack such that those skills are less marketable outside of the Salesforce community. If you want to work on more modern, industry-standard frameworks outside of Salesforce one day, this may not be the company for you."
2202,no bonuses and didn't allow for other hobbies to be pursued outside of work. more supervision
2210,"Salesforce does not include signing bonuses once you are the Lead pay-band or above, it's pretty much signing bonuses if you're not eligible for RSU, or just RSUs if you are. RSUs vest over 4 years"
2213,bad work life balance at company
2219,- slow as molasses - immature peers and management
2220,"- Lots of bureaucracy and layers of people making communication difficult and getting things done difficult - Lots of process making getting things done even more difficult - Constant org changes and lots of attrition - Lots of context switching, making it difficult to focus and build skills in any particular area - Convoluted architecture/design"
2225,Pay is not competitive compared with FLAG
2227,The RSU is lower for business roles than other big tech companies
2229,Promotion process is difficult to navigate.
2230,Bureaucracy can sometimes get in the way of innovation
2235,Getting alignment with SF sales people
2238,"Low 401k contributions,less Stock Options."
2244,quota driven and KPI metrics goal oriented high stakes benefits
2248,There is some favoritism among mgmt--promoting their favorite employees.
2249,"If regular boundaries and PTO are not taken, it is easy to get burnout. However, Salesforce is very supportive of employees taking time off."
2250,Might make us return to the office
2261,Don't financially compensate well given the workload. Avoid giving stock grants and focus on salary.
2274,"1) When starting out they will give you the worst patch to see if you can turn dry lemons into lemonade. As you get more tenured you may or may not receive a better patch, it depends on how you want to navigate the favoritism game. The more popular you are with leadership, the better the accounts and the more flips you will get. 2) To be successful it's all about the 3 T's: Territory, Timing, and Talent in exactly that order. If your accounts aren't growing, you will have a very difficult year ahead living on base salary alone which is already way lower than market. Be prepared to spin your wheels which can often feel like high effort low return as CRM decisions don't happen overnight. 3) Every start of the fiscal accounts are shifted around which can be frustrating both internally and externally. The revolving door of AEs makes it hard to establish long term trust with customers. 4) Be prepared to invest a lot of time fixing CSAT issues from poor implementation left behind from the rep before you. 5) The majority of ACV is made in Q4 which is around year-end holidays, making it stressful to take time off."
2278,Increase your current employees salaries. Eliminate the boomerang
2294,resource constraints due to high growth
2305,"If regular boundaries and PTO are not taken, it is easy to get burnout. However, Salesforce is very supportive of employees taking time off."
2313,No complaints really like the company
2316,"It's a large company that is growing, normal aches and pains"
2324,"The push for productivity on top of enormous amount of learning material pushed on people here is unrealistic and stress inducing. During the pandemic more work was given than less. Getting a promotion requires you to push numbers rather than do work that benefits the team. All of the number fibbers and cherry pickers are the ones getting the back rubs here. Work/life balance is not respected all that much. It's stated that you should strive for a work/life balance, but the amount of work given does not allow it, and you'll usually find yourself frantically looking for extra time to fulfill work that's been unrealistically dumped on you. KPIs are unrealistic given the extension of some issues that customers raise. Upper management makes quick uneducated changes that usually goes against what everyone in the org would recommend, but they do it anyways."
2331,"Had to work on the week days, no time off at night."
2344,huge company takes a minute to get the lay of the land
2347,huge company takes a minute to get the lay of the land
2353,Slow processes and technical debt at a huge company
2356,Large corporate company and hard to individualize plans for employees
2375,Horrible commute into San Francisco
2379,Poor Management treatment and inequality
2383,"I don't think there are any cons. It depends on your role and manager, people work from home, get the work done. So, there are no negatives to add."
2385,Uneven distribution of sales territories has huge impact on your income from year to year. Lots of politics.
2388,just a super big company which always become bureaucratic.
2389,Horrible commute into San Francisco
2408,Sales team structure too complex and too many people involved. Low ball on comp packages
2409,"I’ve only been with the company for a few months, and it was my dream company to work for. I fell for the hype, the branding, the “perks”, the “culture”, the philanthropy. Now, I can speak from experience that the culture is fake. Benioff might mean well and the company might provide perks so that from those on the outside looking in, this is a great place to work. I just know that during the months I’ve been here, I haven’t had any time to see the Salesforce park or have coffee in the Ohana floor. I’m on a small team and other than my manager, the others have not said 3 words to me, unless I’m talking to them in a group setting. No “how was your day?” Or “Do you want me to show you around?” How’s that for culture? I tried to walk to a meeting with a team member and she completely ignored me. I’ve never felt so lonely at a job. The Ohana seating makes it impossible to get to know anyone. I am so busy from the moment I get in but accomplish nothing. We have so many meetings... meetings 85% of my days to talk about nothing that can’t get accomplished through emails. Or the meeting is about the same things we just met about 2 hours ago. The culture is not about being productive or getting things done. It’s about looking/feeling like important topics are being discussed, sitting in conference rooms, and over complicating the strategy. We just spin and spin and then we go home, and do it again the next day. Every single thing I’ve worked on since I started have been scratched or changed because the process or overall strategy has changed. How does anyone work around here or get anything done in this type of setting and without concrete decisions being made? The on-boarding is very chaotic and management isn’t aligned with the actual on-boarding process. They don’t factor in how long the mandatory trailhead courses take or take the time to onboard you. Becoming Salesforce and Bootcamps are just thrown into the schedule and are disruptive to the day-to-day workflow. (I’ve had to reschedule because there are other meetings that conflict). I met someone, also new but on another team, who complained she doesn’t have time for bootcamp. Maybe it’s not necessary? Just show the new employees how to navigate the elevators in the tower... this took me weeks to figure out on my own."
2418,The only con is that the office does not pay for our parking or bus card.
2435,"My role (and other roles in my part of the organization) became very specialized over time, which I assume to was to help with efficiency in client work. But it also meant that I was doing a lot of the same tasks over and over again. I found there was little opportunity to branch out to take on responsibilities of other roles or to learn another role. I knew several people who left Salesforce because they became frustrated at their lack of advancement. People in my role also had a billable utilization goal of 36 hours a week. If you did not have that much time billable, it was seen as an issue. But you are not always in charge of how much work you had or what work was available. Which is true of many businesses, I know. Also, if you wanted to take time off, you needed to find a backup (or multiple backups) to take on your account work while you are out. Which can be difficult if everyone is trying to work 36 billable hours a week. And you had to train them if they had never worked on your account before. So taking time off was a chore, at least for my role. I ended up taking only maybe 2 weeks off during a year. I regularly hit my cap of 300 PTO hours and stopped accumulating PTO. And the billable utilization goal was pushed so much that they started tying it to the quarterly bonuses. In the end, it didn't end up meaning much because my role was eliminated even though at the time I was regularly billing 36+ hours a week. Ultimately, I would preach to not drink the Kool Aid. They preach that everyone that works there is part of the ""Ohana"" and is family but don't buy it. This is probably not new to a lot of you, but it's just marketing. They are a business first. They don't really care about you. You have to look out for yourself first and foremost. If you start buying into it even just a little bit, that's when you don't take as much time off as you should or don't take your full 6 months of paternity leave out of some sense of obligation to the ""Ohana."" Take advantage of everything they give you down to the last PTO hour because they will happily discard you without hesitation when they don't see value in you as an ""Ohana"" member any longer. If you feel stagnant in your role, use your free work time to help yourself or get out of there because they will not help you take another role."
2438,Sometimes there can be a lot of internal meetings.
2448,"Very fragmented, a lot of sprawl due to many acquisitions. Upper management is top notch. But as you move to middle management, the quality falls off. I wish the generosity for social awareness was mirrored in the work methods. Support for employees as people, but the budget process is same old corporate BS. Salesforce likes to think they are a super progressive employer. This is true for subjects like equal pay for equal work. But the are still too many turf battles between middle managers."
2450,"Politics, not fair, getting all the work and the complaining about the work"
2452,"Nothing worth mentioning. All companies, but or small, have some drawbacks. But the positive aspects of working here outweigh the negatives by a large margin."
2457,"Can feel ""cultish"" at times. SE pay varies based on Geography which can mean a paycut/non-competitive pay depending on where you live and where you were working before. SE's are not paid commission for the quarter if they leave during the quarter. No pro-rated pay. Nothing. You just lose it. Only place I've worked where you give two weeks notice, they agree you can leave after a week because there is not reason to keep you aboard for the full two weeks, and they don't pay you the full two weeks. While employed, the culture felt caring and inclusive, and not like a big company . When you're ready to leave, you get treated like it's a big company where you are just a number."
2461,No cons for this company
2470,I do not have any bad things so far during my employment
2474,No cons For this company
2483,"I’ve only been with the company for a few months, and it was my dream company to work for. I fell for the hype, the branding, the “perks”, the “culture”, the philanthropy. Now, I can speak from experience that the culture is fake. Benioff might mean well and the company might provide perks so that from those on the outside looking in, this is a great place to work. I just know that during the months I’ve been here, I haven’t had any time to see the Salesforce park or have coffee in the Ohana floor. I’m on a small team and other than my manager, the others have not said 3 words to me, unless I’m talking to them in a group setting. No “how was your day?” Or “Do you want me to show you around?” How’s that for culture? I tried to walk to a meeting with a team member and she completely ignored me. I’ve never felt so lonely at a job. The Ohana seating makes it impossible to get to know anyone. I am so busy from the moment I get in but accomplish nothing. We have so many meetings... meetings 85% of my days to talk about nothing that can’t get accomplished through emails. Or the meeting is about the same things we just met about 2 hours ago. The culture is not about being productive or getting things done. It’s about looking/feeling like important topics are being discussed, sitting in conference rooms, and over complicating the strategy. We just spin and spin and then we go home, and do it again the next day. Every single thing I’ve worked on since I started have been scratched or changed because the process or overall strategy has changed. How does anyone work around here or get anything done in this type of setting and without concrete decisions being made? The on-boarding is very chaotic and management isn’t aligned with the actual on-boarding process. They don’t factor in how long the mandatory trailhead courses take or take the time to onboard you. Becoming Salesforce and Bootcamps are just thrown into the schedule and are disruptive to the day-to-day workflow. (I’ve had to reschedule because there are other meetings that conflict). I met someone, also new but on another team, who complained she doesn’t have time for bootcamp. Maybe it’s not necessary? Just show the new employees how to navigate the elevators in the tower... this took me weeks to figure out on my own."
2505,No problems great place to work
2510,"I don't think there are any cons. It depends on your role and manager, people work from home, get the work done. So, there are no negatives to add."
2514,"Massive scale, can be hard to navigate internally, process and standardization varies widely"
2517,This is the salary for a contract Recruiting Coordinator before getting converted over.
2520,"Good luck if you're a remote employee. Would love to see promotion statistics for women vs. men. If you're a white male, don't worry, you're good! You'll get hired at a higher level and promoted quickly. Blah, blah, blah equality....Promotions are arbitrary."
2530,lack of quota achievement Bad salaries to long term employees
2533,- Tech stack is outdated depending on your skillsets - Promotion for engineers involves a lot more office politics than you'd expect
2536,"- Lack of full stack experience for developers, you do more configuration than building - Speed can slow down due to excessive stress on collaboration and alignment - Some legacy elements, that need cleanup, but nothing that one cannot handle given everything else in place"
2538,N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
2545,- Inequity of pay - Inconsistent comp plans
2548,"Cutthroat sales floor, high visibility, no work-life balance, monthly quotas stressful, sell in Salesforce Way, very political"
2557,No problems great place to work
2558,"A very small percentage of account executives hit quota, most are assigned to accounts with little or no propensity to buy"
2567,"Commissions have taken a big hit. Over the years if I sold 100k in one month I would have made 10-15k. Now you're looking at 2-3k. OTE is something you could have easily blown away, now you'll find fewer than 10% of people hit their OTE."
2571,No Supervision / Very disorganized / Too many employees
2586,"Not too many cons... Apprentice don't have access to all of the benefits since we're part time (this is normal). Relative to geographic location, pay is pretty low for apprentice so living in the city can be tight money wise."
2589,Very political No life / work balance Overly metric happy - dashboards for everything Sales process too focused on short term goals
2592,"Salesforce ""floods"" the market with Sales Representatives. This only allows under 20% of the salesforce to make their quota."
2593,just a big company to navigate
2596,Constantly shuffling territories; realigning Quotas increase significantly YoY
2603,no technical challenges for fresh graduates
2610,The pace can be insane for mere mortals!
2625,Fast growth provided some pains but luckily i was not among people effected.
2632,"old technology stack, infrastructure is slow to adopt, need faster release cycle,"
2640,"Fast growth has led to certain challenges, specifically in terms of onboarding and complexity. It also feels like we're an afterthought to Salesforce. We're starting to get some of their benefits, but salary and especially bonus discrepancies continue to be the norm according to Glassdoor reports."
2651,Low pay compared to other software companies Territories are very small and managers give best ones to the people they like Need to be in the office everyday Feels like a cult at times
2652,"Favoritism by management. Accounts are hand selected so that favorites make their number while others are given ""whitespace"" accounts that don't buy. Marketing cloud is selling while service cloud is floundering."
2655,high pressure and crazy deadlines
2657,nobodyknew what they were doing .. from HR to the so called sales manager/supervisors
2671,Growing pains as they transition to larger company
2675,Converting the QA employees in to Developers. Requiring QA to do both Develpment work and QA
2676,"Tough gig in product sales, you really don't control the account and can be de-prioritized if the Core AE is working to close a deal. A lot of ""hold off on reaching out, I'm trying to get this (insert other product) deal done this quarter""."
2678,Factory feel to services No stock options to PS No effort on work/life balance No room for growth
2679,Nobody cares for designs other than the designers themselves. Management just want to get stuff out and don't care much about the quality of the product.
2681,Monthly closing of books created an environment of not being able to be more strategic within the group. Lots of politics at the Sr. Sales level and internal channel conflict driven by the compensation structure.
2687,Very subjective quota measurement based on creating opportunities - can be completely gamed by having your Account Executive tip you off to conversations they are having and then letting you enter the opportunity in
2693,- Sales and marketing driven company - not a technology company - Treats engineering as a liability and not an asset - High attrition
2701,"In sales, there's hardly any work/life balance."
2705,"The merge of Salesforce and ET has made accessing some systems extremely difficult at times with more the one help desk to turn to and a lot of misunderstand of responsibility. Seems like ""growing pains"" but likely just the timing and will get worked out over time."
2708,I change managers two times a year. It seems like there are a lot of shuffling within middle management.
2723,Quota is not realistic/achievable. Very stressful as they look at monthly quota.
2724,"Lot of work, tight dead lines."
2729,Not much to report here. Work/life balance can be a little challenging; there is lots to do and the company is growing quickly so if you are looking to just cruise this is probably not the place for you.
2737,"Salesforce is growing rapidly, and as a result is hiring a large volume of unqualified middle management. Additional processes slow down sales cycles."
2738,Lots of changes happened all at once when I was there. Too fast for me. It's probably eased up a bit by now.
2740,"The economy is forcing Salesforce to eliminate some of the previous benefits like company phones, car plans"
2749,"Extremely short staffed, meaning workload is immense and the metrics pressure is insanely stupid putting undeserved pressure on employees. Upper management is completely clueless about anything that doesn't appear on their dashboard."
2750,"all sheen, no substance - database issues no one understands, constant outages, slow performance, and weak executives imported from Microsoft contribute to worst infra operations you can imagine"
2765,"The ultimate in high school clique culture. It's tough to move if you're not on a list of favorites. The cult of Salesforce is exhausting. Yes, great product, yes great benefits, but the 'kool aid drinking blowhard' mentality wears thin. If you work in the office, you're expected to be in the office. In commercial, no opportunity to telecommute. Growing at a frustratingly large pace. Headcount doubled in my time there. Everything is always in flux it seems."
2775,"Salesforce ""floods"" the market with Sales Representatives. This only allows under 20% of the salesforce to make their quota."
2785,Slow IT department. Hard to find an Org chart to navigate through the company.
2792,Had to train my replacement. Company didn't seem to give a damn that they were affecting technical support for whole company by moving their service desk to Portland
2795,You need a good functional manager; otherwise your promotions get delayed Too much hierarchy and competition to rise the ranks
2812,Tough to work from home.... office culture - but could be more flexible
2815,"Extreme growing pains have lead to many overworked/under-valued employees and under-resourced departments. Burn-out is prevalent throughout the company. Although comp packages were historically competitive, they now lag competitively."
2817,For me at-least commute is too long. Everything is perfect. no other cons i could think off.
2820,- Sales and marketing driven company - not a technology company - Treats engineering as a liability and not an asset - High attrition
2821,"- Was sold to me as a ""strategy job"" but don't be fooled this is 80% sales ops - The hours, you work like you're in a start-up without any of the equity - Pay is low for this type of role, even in comparison to most start-ups - The team is very short staffed and cannot handle the workload it's constantly given - The systems used are terrible, slow and outdated. Performance issues with the analytics tools can easily add 2-3 hours to your day. - I really can't stress enough how bad the hours are"
2825,Scaled company can make you feel like a small piece of a huge machine.
2830,"Unexpectedly long hours but it's sporadic, frequent desk changes and separation from teams"
2834,"Managers are allowed to yell, scream and carry out vendettas against employees Managers are allowed to disallow starting bonuses and regular bonuses at whims even if such is layed out in offer letter Managers are allowed to send irate emails after approved vacation is taken and while and during you are on holiday. Managers can arbitrarily tell you you need to work 12 hours a day for months on end. Absolutely no relief , no care if you have children or family Managers are allowed to pay 'respects' to female employees through coy comments and retorts. Ramp up/Training can be curtailed because a manager denies you the right to properly learn the project, thus making you unable to do your job Massive backstabbing by those around you and use of such by Management to control the players of their group, hearsay and mobbing. Managers are allowed to deny routine doctor visits based on how they see fit If you are granted remote work away from HQ, many have later been let go due to refusing to later relocate back to Corporate because a new manager takes over. No care about quality of work, all about quantity and hitting your dashboard gauges like a If you are burnt out and psychologically spent, you will be given a short time to resign or you will be fired. This will involve many rounds of bullying to make you sign a resignation letter. You will later be given one months severance if you sign a waiver. And the rub? All the managers were promoted. My result? Massive Financial loss due to doctors, psychologists, meds and inability to work for a year due to bullying. Here's to your 1:1:1 program Benihoff."
2839,"Dysfunctional management, mixed messages, super political, many products don't connect w/each other....It's a marketing machine. The biggest slide ware company in SV. HR is all about protecting the VP's who are driving to get the #'s in."
2841,"Routine work, location of office."
2844,"I was hired for one thing, and the first day there I was told I would be doing something different which required all travel. They said travel would decrease, but never did. Very misleading. Of the new people on my team, I lasted the longest at 1+ years. One guy only lasted 1 month. Probably an isolated case, but nothing was done to fix the situation"
2846,The pace can be insane for mere mortals!
2848,Sometimes too much work in the amount of time to get it done
2849,"- Lack of full stack experience for developers, you do more configuration than building - Speed can slow down due to excessive stress on collaboration and alignment - Some legacy elements, that need cleanup, but nothing that one cannot handle given everything else in place"
2855,long hours standing on feet
2860,management is poor to work
2866,"Always changing, employee burn out"
2867,"Growing pains, reorganizations, lots of internal meetings."
2876,Some processes have red tape
2877,"Sales culture, quota, commissions, Layoffs"
2896,"Endless lower-level management churn, lots of non-standard tooling (non-transferable skills)"
2901,Some amount of bureaucracy which is to be expected in a company this large.
2902,"Non-mission driven product, lots of bureaucracy"
2910,It’s become a massive companie with red tape and bureaucracy
2916,Things move slow. Very corporate feeling
2917,"Non-mission driven product, lots of bureaucracy"
2919,Hybrid engineering shift was a waste
2924,"Too large, lots of red tape"
2929,ERP finance back office software
2930,"Pay raise, stock, promotion at work"
2946,Still figuring out how to deliver a bottom-up sales motion along-side the top down sales motion.
2950,"Promotions only by pleasing manager, change of teams are lateral moves so no pay change or grade change"
2954,Poor middle management and too much favoritism
2956,Nothing to comment here for this section
2964,Very demanding role but worth it
2971,11hr days are the norm. Unlimited PTO equals your boss's boss being mad people are on PTO because we are so busy. I miss earning PTO so that I could at least take a vacation. If you aren't part of the Headquarters crew in SF then you are an other and they will make you feel that every day as your lunch is forgotten and you have to take a break from work to help put your kids to sleep.
2982,Work. It’s meaningless and a waste of time.
2985,Highly discriminatory towards individuals with chronic illnesses and disabilities.
2991,"It's a sales driven organization so unless you are driving revenue in some capacity, it's not for you"
3009,"Pay, management, cost of living"
3010,- Big company which means big changes - You have to know the right people
3011,Process Enablement Hours Rigor Learning
3014,tech stack is pretty outdated
3016,"Lot of politics, crappy tool and management."
3021,Too much process in work
3022,"Size, lower compensation, push towards moving employees to Indiana, overstaffed, no other cons"
3024,Fair amount of organizational change due to rapid growth
3051,It is sometimes a challenge to navigate the systems and bureaucracy that come with a large company. Especially starting as a remote employee during the pandemic.
3053,"EOW,EOM,EOQ- expect a lot of deadlines and a lot of pressure to close"
3065,There are times when the business is run like one and could involve layoffs
3068,1. salary growth 2. tech stack
3079,"Crazy project schedules, Lots of information to digest"
3084,favoritism - most senior management is worthless - people are overworked
3087,"- Depending on your role, your manager might not support the VTO during work hours - Depending on your role, you might not have any male salaries to compare against - The company and larger industry is still male-dominated, and you will still come up against entrenched sexism, this isn't utopia - ""Drinking from the fire hydrant"" is the work load. You either step up or leave during probation. If you do step up, you will reach your limit, then be overloaded again. If you're a workaholic and can balance that in a healthy way, great, but SFDC plays lip service to work-life balance in many departments. The work-life balance is often achieved through working from home while your family is asleep. - 99% of opportunities outside of the USA are sales-focussed"
3095,"Rapid growth leading to short notice change and seems to leading be a rumour heavy organisation. Offices bursting at the seams due to relentless hiring. Desk shortages for hot deskers, insufficient parking facilities for those who have to drive (Dublin has poor public transport infrastructure)."
3108,"Frequent changes of priorities, legacy work with outdated technologies. Hard to move up a career ladder, but that is caused by the seniority of the peers."
3110,N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
3117,Senior management priorities; no career conversations;
3135,8 cases per day unmanageable. Exhausted to such an extent you have no energy to even go out on the weekends. Salesforce is all work and more work unrealistic figures made up on the fly. It is pure exploitation and I resigned for the simple reason it took a toll on my health. You can't keep up this pace with out screwing your health. It's a good name to have on your CV stay a year and leave if you care about your well being.
3136,High-Pressure Environment Management from dashboards Self-Training
3146,Too fast too furious to work.
3157,hard balance pro/perso in this company
3164,Becoming slightly jobs for the friends type of business in certain locations regardless of merit.
3167,Not for the faint hearted Parking for employees
3168,Not competitive on salary for existing employees
3169,Work can be rather generic at times
3174,Salary is law after 3 months
3177,"No real onboarding, arrogant colleagues . Long working hours. I feel the company hides behind being its values but does not do put them into practice."
3182,No regular increments Too many hires from 1 single company
3184,Middle management is not good
3201,"Not paid enough. Long working hours, not compensated for"
3214,No cons for the company
3220,Remote employees have to work harder to stay engaged
3221,"Chaotic at times, Higher management could be better"
3224,No office transport and food can be better
3228,Minimum development program for wmpl
3231,"Too many processes, not communicated consistently across the business - result most people are very busy - but not very productive! Looking to shoe horn acquired businesses into what are already broken core processes - consequence of which is frustration all round. Too much focus on trailhead and mandatory virtual learning, information overload and simply not enough hours in the day to get the job done. Compared to other enterprise software companies fewer class room based opportunities for learning. Painful on-boarding process, sink or swim. Surprising lack of resources. For many not a sustainable place to work."
3240,"Volume of work, location - everything takes place within the tower, difficult to break out although I do work from home or Staines 2 days a week."
3243,Growing quickly causes some pain
3248,Becoming more corporate as the larger consultancies and service providers hemorrhage staff to Salesforce. But on the whole they tend to adopt the new culture.
3255,Red tape in some processes
3257,Fast Growth can be harder to manage Limited parking places in the amsterdam office Have not Found too many disadvantages yet
3258,"Apart from the fact that the Dublin office isn't in a very central location, there is not a whole lot of negatives about the company."
3262,"1. Pays less in accordance with same post in other firms 2. No joining bonus, salesforce doesn't have a culture of joining bonus 3. No company based cabs and even no reimbursement for daily travel 4. No gifts (atleast should give some gifts yearly or diwali)"
3264,not enough time in the day to take it all in!!
3269,Can be disorganised at times
3270,Management is wishy washy & indecisive.
3278,"high pressure, tight due date"
3285,"-Reduced work-life balance due to bi-monthly business travels required to identify opportunities to build pipeline -Geographical distance from customers who are based in country -Growing sales teams means accounts per AE getting fewer with the targets not getting smaller -""Flexforce"" no seats assigned to AE -Weekly forecasting with monthly forecasts might not be suitable to everyone"
3290,dublin office is far from city center so nothing to do near by
3293,Not aligned to competitors when it comes to salaries.
3294,Release cadence of Core (3 times a year) is forced on the rest of the company even if it doesn't make sense for the product you're on. Forced to dogfood our own internal project management software (GUS) which only maintained by a very small team. Open headcount is distributed blindly to projects that are stack-ranked in priority and there's not much to go around after the top 2 or 3 start hiring.
3303,"Team structure weird, bad training"
3320,"Degration – Bulling – Favouritism – on a daily. No consideration for their peolpe – pay homage to people via money. No care or humanity shown. An appealing manifestation of how mediocrity wins out. All managment are arrogant and under skilled both form a sales coaching perspective and employee management perspective. Look into al there backgrounds in advance of joining. They all have had V/limited experience out side SFDC. Categorically - worst place I have ever worked. Made significant sums of money net monthly 30 / 40 K on occasions, and still left!!!!!"
3324,Occasional disjointed communication between business units
3326,"Terrible Micro Management Culture One Strike and you're out! If it is'nt perfect, its no good Sucking up is key Preferential treatment in projects and deals"
3344,Lots of churn In sales role.
3346,A lot of routine manual work.
3347,Rapid change Demanding customers Increasing competition Law of big numbers
3363,Long working hour Too many middle management
3369,"You'll work enough hours for 3 jobs, so take that into account when looking at your salary. You're expected to be available and working 24x7. You also need to be in the clique to get promoted or recognized in any way."
3370,hard balance pro/perso in this company
3371,long working hour and terrible client
3373,"Operational, sales driven, lack of processes."
3381,"- structured promotion, may be delayed"
3382,No cons in the company
3385,Drinking 2 much kool aid
3387,Less pay according to the market standards.
3390,"Base salary below industry average, monthly targets"
3391,Long working hours and stiff deadlines
3396,"- So far, no cons up to now (around 3 years)"
3398,Tech Stack is mostly internal (will depend on the team/product) Low impact since it's a huge org
3420,"The usual cons of working in a large corporation, some changes are slow"
3421,It would take something extremely compelling for me to leave this company
3422,low pay as compared to industry
3423,Pay could be better Non-transparent promotion structures at times
3425,Almost no learning Old legacy code Too much frustration while working because of tedious old processes
3426,"The job is not challenging, I didn’t like the product"
3428,"Bad HR processes, lots of internal systems and too much forced actions in culture and equality stuff"
3433,Clear picture of job responsibilities
3437,Work Role sometimes doesn't align to your skillset
3448,Can be overwhelming in choice of pathways to take internally
3453,- Sometimes (like with all large corps) it gets a bit bureaucratic
3454,"- Product enablement (super beneficial, but can be really time consuming, so be aware of where the managers priorities are for each enablement session) - Internal promotions can entail internal management level politics - Product suite is large -> Can be overwhelming if you don't like only ""knowing a little about a lot"" vs. a lot about a little. - The bureaucracy and management of a 70,000+ employee business involves lots of 'tick box' exercises that can be time-consuming and take away from job-related tasks. - Working with partners (third-party) to implement the software can be really time consuming for the customer and prolong a deal closing."
3455,low salary and slow progress
3456,"It's still a big company, so politics, and bloated middle management"
3457,"Budget cuts are bizarre given profits (e.g. no morale/activity budget), initiatives come in that derail short term planning (e.g. compliance with no notice, 3 week deadlines), lots of training that feels very irrelevant, too many All hands"
3460,Workload Expectations for excellence Too much internal processes
3463,Bodyshop - may as well be working as an independent contractor which I am considering
3465,"Average pay, no other cons on my opinion"
3468,Too many work to do for 1 person.
3472,Sometimes can be tiring and get burn out easily.
3473,Constant stress of reaching a high budget
3475,Middle management and administrative duties
3499,Slow progression and head count issues
3502,Work could sometimes be stressful
3521,Less RSU than other companies
3527,"At more entry levels, it takes longer to progress and the title is not reflective of the work you do. Eg Associate SEs are meant to only shadow and support builds, but often do their own demos from month 3, and are forced to stay as 'Associates' for min 2 years until they are ""eligible"" for promotion. Would recommend coming in as Senior SE or above. Internal promotes get much much less than the external market rate. Mgmt are willing to let go of internals and hire externals at the rate the internals were asking for and lose 6 months sales productivity for people who will take longer to ramp."
3528,Work Load sometimes becomes too much
3530,"Management, Compensation evaluation issue, Opinion placement"
3532,"to big company hard to get noticed, salaries raise slowly"
3555,low pay as compared to industry
3573,a little bit too much dashboard oriented
3574,New hire onboarding can be a little dry and irrelevant
3580,It gets difficult to balance work-life due to the work load but being vocal about to the leadership helps.
3584,Depends on projects there can be work which might not be organised
3595,The rent prices in Dublin
3612,It’s becoming a really big firm.
3617,Growth can be slow at times
3619,Some senior management are not aligned with lower level staff.
3623,"Definitely one of the worst decisions of my life. You’d expect a company like Salesforce to have a smooth process. But here’s the real story- My onboarding and interview was an absolute nightmare. This was my dream company, so obviously when I received an offer from them, I accepted it, even if it meant taking a huge pay cut. These guys would leverage Salesforce US culture into talking you down for salaries but would say shamelessly that Salesforce has a transparent pay scale. When I entered the company, I found out that I was the least paid employee in the team. Anyhoo, I accepted the offer and it was their turn to send laptop and other peripherals. Well they didn’t, their procurement team never replied, not on slack, not on calls, not anywhere and I had to bring senior management into this. Well after 15 days of joining, I had received the laptop but mind you even though you don’t have your company phone or company laptop, they’ll start evaluating your performance from day 1, because dude you are in Business Development. So you gotta be an Einstien and a God maybe to do 500 billion things at one time and managers even then would find a way to complain. They expect us to work for 10 hours every day, attend useless meetings, and work like a machine without taking a breath. And they’ll preach about the helping culture of Salesforce, lol. The AEs don’t respond on time, hell even the managers themselves don’t respond until you ping them again and again. And they want us to feel gratitude for the company bevause it pays salary. They have 0 empathy for their employees, they turn deaf ear to our problems. I am suffocating here but I can’t teach out to anyone because guess what everyone is the same. This is a typical employee exploiting company which has created a bubble of a good work culture. PS- this is just for India. I have some friends in the US team of Salesforce and they are having their best time."
3625,Work overload due to high growth
3627,Stingy with giving out stock
3640,There are no drawbacks to working at Salesforce!
3646,Very big company. So some decisions are made at the higher level with no input from time engineers or individual contributors
3648,Commute for me was a little too much.
3650,Need to write smtg for a rason
3652,Lower base salary compared to market average
3655,lack of transparency from upper management
3657,V2MOM bs is annoying. You are required to write some personal goals to your managers which no one cares.
3660,pains of acquisitions integrating company data
3666,"So big it's easy to get lost, a bit disorganized in where to find information (because there are so many different places you can go, but the information is out there), no office to visit in my particular market so it's hard to develop relationships remote"
3668,"Poor investment in leadership skills for managers, poor work-life balance, salaries are no longer competitive."
3672,"Bad Raises, Traffic, Commuting, Food"
3673,Not many perks at company
3675,Career growth Change teams often Competitive for promotion N/A N/A
3677,Pay is crazy low. No increase in pay this year either
3694,"- Reorg every year. I completed 3.5 years at salesforce and on my 5th manager - Middle management is extremely corrupt and there is favoritism all around. If you do not suck up to middle management, you will not grow at Salesforce - Seniors dating and marrying their direct reports (which explains the favoritism above) - There is no feedback loop for employees to provide their feedback to upper management. It all goes through middle management which is itself corrupt"
3695,These cons are specific to the HR Department. Other teams seemed to have been functioning ok. No work like balance Overwhelming stress Leadership is not responsive to feedback/needs of the team Low morale Micromanaging Low pay with a lot of work Not rewarding or promotion/career growth opportunities
3696,Honestly cannot think of any cons that are worth mentioning. Its just a good company and a lovely place to work.
3697,Need to write smtg for a rason
3698,The demands can be very stressful and burdensome
3700,"It feels more like a lottery with the accounts you receive to work. Some people do nothing and make tons, while others work very hard and make little."
3701,Better pay elsewhere and promotion process can be irritating
3705,"- The senior leadership and some of the middle leaders in this department clearly does not align with Salesforce as a company. We sit in employee town halls discussing flex time and working from home, but the leadership in this department wants to micro manage their teams and press their thumbs down on everyone. This department has been watered down so much in the last several years and we constantly hear about how we need to ""lower the cost to serve"" while also trying to shove case closures down everyone's throats."
3706,Bachelor's degree required for entry-level
3708,"Some of the processes can be a bit opaque, I am not always clear on what training is required and what isn't. Also, salary structure could be more transparent."
3715,"stock refresher sucks , no guarantees on every year refresh 401K match only upto 5K per year Low developer productivity due to multiple security checks and processes"
3721,"Long hours sometimes, but needed in any company."
3729,Big company so lots of politics
3734,It is a big company and sometimes there are so many moving parts and lots of people involved to do small task.
3735,Inheritance tax return to your account
3750,sometimes had to work long hours
3761,Salary Politics Promotion cycle Management
3765,High pressure and ever increasing work load with low salary raises in same title
3770,Scale is slowing innovations...need to figure out how to do both.
3775,"High stress, not much PTO."
3780,"Poor employee incentives after your hired, negotiate when coming in because challenging otherwise."
3782,Build process can be slow
3783,Salary not in pace with FAANG
3787,Everything in management last year
3788,high stress salary pay low
3800,No cons working at Salesforce
3801,Pay is way too low
3802,Requirement to work one or two Saturdays a year to cover the release rollout. Priorities change mid-release at times resulting in wasted work.
3808,This company could step up its marketing for its current employees - lot of budget cuts
3811,Pay is below average for a mule developer
3815,Politically active and biased which turns off some customers.
3824,Need to stand out with hard work
3831,"Growth has slowed slightly, and the promotion process is unclear by design."
3839,Might go lil slow some times
3844,Salary is low compared to other companies
3846,Base pay is a bit below industry average but commissions make up for it
3847,Too much information to consume and implement in planning
3852,"Management centric, less technical growth, wasting time on bad process,"
3857,sales is tough--get used to it
3866,Slow growth for some teams
3871,"Because everyone wants to work for Salesforce, our sales metrics are very difficult to hit. You can make a good salary with commission but it is rare to hit that because they make our KPIs more difficult to hit than other sales companies do. And if you don’t like it, then no worries- there will be 100 people waiting for you to leave so they can take your spot. Employees stay for the benefits, not the pay."
3875,"Executive turnover rate, the internal instance of the product"
3879,"No growth, long hours, shady management"
3888,Too much work pressure. Can be a bit disorganized.
3891,"Deal cycles are long and it appears harder and harder to blow out quota. And while as a sales rep, it often feels like the days of making 4x+ your target number, it is still a great place to be!"
3893,- slow software development cycle because of enterprise customers.
3902,Pay Scale Internal Transfer Pay is not great
3904,"High Highs and Low Lows, underpaid (received one pay raise in 5 years), culture is meh especially during remote work, teammates can be hit or miss, if you're in sales you're stuck with your accounts which can be good or bad, a lot of it you can't directly impact"
3910,"The ramp up is pretty steep and takes serious effort. The internal libraries documentation is a little lacking. For better or worse, I end up spending quite some time reading / running code to learn the ropes. Thankfully the code base is good quality in my opinion. On the functional side, taking many training modules on Trailhead slowly gave me a picture of our offerings."
3912,No cons for my current position.
3923,need to negotiate salary each year
3924,Pay is not what it should be. Promotions/raises are too structured.
3925,Odd hours but not too bad
3937,Difficulty to find ways to stand out
3940,Growing quickly Lack of transparency internally Not very competitive salary before commission Hard to move up
3941,In certain areas of the company it is difficult to get promoted. If you get a bad patch it could take you 2.5 years to get promoted when it might only take someone else 1 year. The pay is good but again depending on your patch you could be making the minimum or be making 250% more then your coworkers
3942,"- the promotion process is very bureaucratic and - adjust salaries based on the ""cost of talent,"" which is a moot point in a remote ""work from anywhere"" world. - A lot of swirl causes work to become redudant"
3947,overtime is needed even on free time.
3953,"- Need to build relationships to have certain work opportunities. If your a ""I like user stories"" kind of person, this will become a problem after 1 year. On the upside you get to pick what assists you work on. I would often pick up the more interesting coding requests like an Eagle. If you hate flows, you don't need to work on flows if your already busy! I'm not sure anyone was aware of my Eagle strategy until I told them. Watch like a hawk and take what you want. - Too much front-end, not enough back-end. But you could say this for Salesforce tech in general. - To HR management: Leveling system should be fixed by +1."
3956,Lower pay on average compared to the industry
3968,Lower pay than FAANG Hard to get to senior positions
3973,Lower pay than FAANG Hard to get to senior positions
3974,"Not many cons, but often a lot of work is expected from you, i.e. 50-60 hrs/week."
3975,The con of Salesforce is the compensation is a bit on the lower end.
3978,Lot of turnovers with account executives
3979,Management can sometimes be slow to address issuea
3982,Would be nice if they offered paid sabbaticals and no transition benefits for older employees
3983,Not much growth with acquistions
3985,Heavy call volume...back to back most days
3990,Workload can be overwhelming. But work/life balance is a priority
4001,Sales plan based unsustainable targets plus penalize you when customer doesn’t renew
4007,$100/mo wellness actually comes out to be about 60/mo after tax
4011,"Comming from acquisition, roadmap is unclear"
4013,"Low Salary, Terrible Management, Lots of folks overworked or sent on projects while underqualified"
4016,"CSG / Professional Services - miserable, incompetent, toxic."
4018,"The pay is a joke here. It doesn’t matter how good you are. There is nepotism going on and you can’t get promoted unless you leave the company and come back. I liked it when I started but the pay is too low, it’s not worth it anymore. Management doesn’t care. You can have solid data showing you are more than capable of people in higher levels than you, and they always come back with answers that are all fluff."
4019,Too flexible at times makes it hardwe to fet ghinfs done around everyone's various stuff
4020,"Work is super demanding, and bureaucracy started to building out as the company continued to get bigger. Decision making process can be very slow depending on certain department, which could lead to a lot of rework."
4021,"Salary and pay progression, managers, promotions,"
4023,Build process can be slow
4028,So many tools available that onboarding is like drinking from a firehose.
4030,pay is not as competitive
4032,Continuously changing promotion goals Bad pay compared to industry
4036,Low compensation for my role and low growth opportunities
4038,Salary is ok but not great.
4039,Tech Stack is pretty outdated.
4045,No cons working at Salesforce
4046,Too flexible at times makes it hardwe to fet ghinfs done around everyone's various stuff
4049,"There are so many things to do! It can be a bit overwhelming if your time management skills are efficient. Your career and development is totally in your control and there is more than enough opportunity to stretch yourself thin if you have difficulty committing and not committing to events. Drinking from the fire hose is the analogy most often used, for good reason."
4054,"long hours, too much competittion"
4056,Pay is not what it should be. Promotions/raises are too structured.
4057,Doesn’t care about employees Promotion process is 6+ months of networking Quota doubled and territory shrunk this past year
4062,"overload of work, poor benefits"
4066,"There's a corporate koolaide flavor to the rah rah, but that's to be expected. More and more clients are giant enterprise behemoths, so working with them is a often a grind."
4069,Processes sometimes take a long time
4091,- tedious process with many rounds
4097,Heavy call volume...back to back most days
4100,Not especial y concerned in intern development
4101,The clients can be really demanding and make you overwork.
4106,Lots of work. Heavy duty work
4107,Engineering Culture is lacking Too many reorgs Attrition rate is quite high No refreshers
4115,Annoying hours through the year
4116,Wish the base salary was higher.
4122,"Inefficient operations, disingenuous culture - it's the DMV in a tech package."
4130,Employees who are promoted internally are underpaid compared to competitors
4132,People at Salesforce are soul-less.
4139,Tough to get work/life balance- the expectation is to work overtime without getting paid overtime
4148,Comp plan gets sophisticated and gets discouraging to figure out
4154,slow to make decisions and move. management by committee
4155,"Deeply technical, which involves many SMEs leading to complex sales cycles."
4157,"I believe that the REWS leadership is very much lacking. We are forced to baby REWS leadership like royalty to ""show off our hospitality skills"" but don't give the same treatment to even our most exclusive customers. I'm talking Starbucks three times a day with multiple drink options, extravagant catering setups with ridiculous dietary restrictions/preferences, gifts in the hundreds and hundreds of dollars for each exec for each visit, flowers and local fare being supplied in their hotel rooms, etc. These folks live like rockstars on the road. When COVID first started, we had front desk personnel crying because they were forced to stay at the desk. This same org was the first forced to come back into the office. Guidelines were set that everyone were to come back, no exceptions. Yet, we were finding out that exceptions were being made in other offices (unfair). The REWS leadership outwardly encourages employees to look for jobs outside of the org because, although they won't say it, there is no opportunity within it. When promotions or openings upward come available, they are given to those outside the company. The REWS team is the lowest paid org in the company and is treated like a cog in the machine. Very few people feel empowered to advocate for themselves or their teams. I can't remember the last time my team had a team-building, let alone a team-wide meeting. Managers only care about making sure they are seen in a good light for execs."
4160,There are cons to working at Salesforce.
4161,"not much career growth, low efficiency due to tech frameworks ."
4170,"sometimes fast, sometimes slow. thats sales for ya"
4171,Lot of acquired companies make sales process / biz management complex sometimes.
4184,Corporate red tape to navigate
4191,Only criticism is the regionally-based pay when location is no longer a requirement of the job. Creates unfairness among employees doing the same work.
4193,"This would there in any big company, its the politics and misalignment in a few departments."
4194,"Slow moving growth pace, and often monotonous work"
4203,Hard quotas and excessive input expectations. Time in seat.
4210,"Pipping people instead of investigating your lame ex-Microsoft managers. He's old ay eff Diversity oriented everything makes us regular people feel pretty unloved, considering were mostly the ones doing everything?"
4211,Most of the job is customer service which detracts from owning a sales process
4213,"* Tech stack is miserable * New first-party technologies re-invent the wheel at every step of the way, create bottlenecks for getting work out the door * Corporate bureaucracy completely blocks any kind if innovation or forward progress * Literally more than 80% of development time is spent doing some form of required ""paperwork"" before being able to complete the actual development work at hand"
4214,could go for free lunches
4215,"The pay is a joke here. It doesn’t matter how good you are. There is nepotism going on and you can’t get promoted unless you leave the company and come back. I liked it when I started but the pay is too low, it’s not worth it anymore. Management doesn’t care. You can have solid data showing you are more than capable of people in higher levels than you, and they always come back with answers that are all fluff."
4217,"Management turnover, management help due to this"
4219,The company is so big that they cannot take care of every employee.
4220,"- Larger company means more political challenges and needing to get alignment from lots of stakeholders before decisions can be made, which slows down the process"
4225,Transparency of promotions Compensation compared to other big tech jobs Niche roles (similar to any big tech) Lots of pivots Reorgs
4226,"Growing slow, salary not same with big t company"
4227,Bad work/life balance Too much bureaucracy
4231,There is a lot of organizational change
4233,"Very political, flattening growth, limited career opportunities outside of Sales or Engineering"
4236,Work is challenging. Some unrealistic expectations and pay is low. People that were promised a promotion in 15 months are still waiting 24 months later.
4241,People who earn their way up through the sales ranks are paid significantly less than external hires on the same team. The job is incredibly complex for otherwise low pay
4251,"* Tech stack is miserable * New first-party technologies re-invent the wheel at every step of the way, create bottlenecks for getting work out the door * Corporate bureaucracy completely blocks any kind if innovation or forward progress * Literally more than 80% of development time is spent doing some form of required ""paperwork"" before being able to complete the actual development work at hand"
4253,"Not doing a great thing for small businesses - tough to justify pushing expensive tech products on growing small businesses that can't justify investment. Also, quota way too high across all levels of SMB."
4256,"Very rigorous sales org, promo-timelines can be ambiguous"
4257,Sometimes things break and it’s a scramble to explain it to customers.
4259,salary is lower than other places
4261,sometimes had to work long hours
4262,some growing pains and some inflexibility for such a large organization
4264,"You have to actually make yourself take your PTO if you want your PTO (I often end up working on the ""wellness Fridays"" because I don't feel like I have the time to take it off, and often work a few hours on PTO days). Re-org every 6~12 months makes things unstable. Random hiring freezes. If your boss is unreasonable you will quickly get burnt out. Very overtly Left-leaning workplace, which can be really toxic and draining. Can get the impression they hire/promote based on race/gender, which can be discouraging if you are not of the preferred race/gender."
4283,Not compensated enough for the work you put in
4287,Aircraft carrier makes change slow.
4300,It's a massive company so all the headaches with a big company
4303,There are no drawbacks to working at Salesforce!
4313,Lot's to do and little time depending on accounts.
4316,"You have no sick days or payed time off. You’re payed hourly so you lose money if you take time off, and there is no overtime if you work over 40 hours."
4320,Stressful Crowded area Expensive living Difficult at first
4321,Huge company with lots of corporate politics
4322,there is a lot of bureaucracy
4324,"Unless you're a developer or a sales person and ""valuable"" you're not going to be compensated as well as you should be."
4328,not quite up to par with other companies if regards to pay
4340,Greattttt place to work no problems
4343,pains of acquisitions integrating company data
4375,"Stress, growing pains, gigantic teams"
4381,"Make no money, each year they make it harder to make money. No multi-year payout. To many things to list. Just dont work here, you'll learn some, but will hate your life after about 3 months"
4383,Pay is crazy low. No increase in pay this year either
4385,"Not necessarily a bad thing, but there are 2 cultures at this company: The sales team culture and employees outside of the sales organization."
4387,Career growth Change teams often Competitive for promotion N/A N/A
4414,"Poor investment in leadership skills for managers, poor work-life balance, salaries are no longer competitive."
4433,"There is a lot of bloat, time spent on things because someone at the top thought it would be a good idea, but it just detracts from actually getting your work done."
4434,At times.. too corporate in operating.
4438,work can feel boring and meaningless
4440,Big corporate mechanics can slow down projects
4442,"Stress, growing pains, gigantic teams"
4448,"very low pay, bad hours, no increase for compensation YOY in the role, no increase in pay due to inflation or YOY. Very very low commission in SDR."
4450,Slower deals as you move up market...working with banks and credit unions take a long time.
4453,minimum pay and no ladder to climb up in the job
4457,Work can be uninteresting depending on cloud.
4466,- tedious process with many rounds
4477,Forced reviews to use this
4480,Below par compensation especially for employees who stay at the company for long
4485,Odd hours but not too bad
4487,base pay is lower than market
4488,Feel like I’m pushed to sell like a time share or used car sales.
4489,"Pay seems low for the amount of work required, integration from Tab to SF could have been much better."
4493,"Crazy hours, tech jerks and fools"
4515,Kinda old tech stack; Inconsistent leadership sometimes.
4522,"80% internal alignment and fighting for ressources, toxic management styles in different teams borderline bullying, only one way to do things, extremely admin task heavy, often double work"
4523,Promotion process is a unclear.
4529,- KPIs are sometimes outrageous
4534,- Worked for Revenue cloud. Too much politics and favoritism. Systemic discrimination against women. The VP would give promotions and rewards only to his favorites from past companies.
4543,"Management centric, less technical growth, wasting time on bad process,"
4554,It's a massive company so all the headaches with a big company
4557,"Not many to note. Depending on your team, you might feel some burnout but the company is big on work life balance. Also the promotion process sucks"
4561,Total comp packages can lag the market for middle management and below
4567,Nothing bad to say about Salesforce after working there for almost 3 years!
4579,Not having a steady income
4581,"Growth through acquisition, difficult to sell to new companies"
4583,Heavy in various processes could be a tad information overload
4590,"Big, big company now with lots of cha ge"
4592,"Low compensation compared to other tech firms, hard to get promoted"
4596,"If you are expecting to have wonderful benefits without a little bit of grit & grind - that would be the only ""con"". You have to work - and work hard. It's worth it."
4603,May not offer salary like FAANG companies.
4605,Project teams can be very silo'd which makes it hard to meet deadlines Promotions now = a popularity contest - not based on how well you are doing at the actual job so it's easier to leave to get that promotion
4616,Nothing bad about working here
4618,not flexible sometimes. outsourced internal operations team that is slow to respond to inquiries.
4620,Some clients are harder to work with than others
4626,Too many required online courses too often IMO that are not always related to my job.
4631,"Middle Management can be sub-par, with not much experience or skills in managing people."
4633,May not offer salary like FAANG companies.
4634,lots of internal politics and processes
4637,Complex product environment Tight deadlines Pressure to move super fast
4645,Hard quotas and excessive input expectations. Time in seat.
4650,"With such a large organization, getting anything done seems to require alignment with a lot of stakeholders, which drags out the decision-making"
4651,"Some of the benefits are a bit lacking compared to some other tech companies and the large size of the company can make it feel a bit impersonal at times. The size also makes getting some things done take longer than they should due to protective measures, though that's not really a bad thing overall."
4654,sometimes technical debt challenges at work
4657,Too many Salespeople Account degradation and dissolvement
4662,Pay scale favors new hires instead of employees
4677,Working in shifts makes it worse.
4684,They seem to be Moving jobs offshore
4687,"old stack, core is boring"
4694,- A lot of process and admin work - Not quick to move into new sectors
4700,some processes are too laborious
4706,"Between my offer and day of joining I get a call saying things have changed and hence my role and my manager will change. I still went ahead and joined. In last 3 years I saw my role getting marginalized and eventually killed. And the way this was handled or rather not handled, was disappointing - no communication from HR or my manager till 3 weeks before the role was going to be eliminated. In general while the company is growing, it doesn't necessarily mean that you will grow. The company puts more incentives on the ""Core"" or Prime sales and not so much on ""Cloud"" or co-prime sales. Co prime sales are clearly 2nd rate citizens."
4708,Sometimes we let the reports and KPIs get in the way
4729,"Working harder from at home no time for breaks Lunch and learns when working from home, should not be asked"
4730,It's a gruelling onboarding! But worth it.
4732,Poor pay Not enough time off long hours
4736,"Gets boring quite quickly, little flexibility in vCard er Progression outside of sales org"
4756,"Sales Culture is 20th century. Monthly pressure to put up a number and the company preaches customer success but push comes to shove its all about revenue. Everything is about internal brand, yet the internal hiring process is completely in the favour of mgmt."
4757,no downsides at working for this employer
4774,Micro Management and pressure around deal cycles
4775,"Can be challenging for non HQ employees to be seen, even during COVID."
4776,"Politics, low salary, no benefits and beaureacracy"
4779,No work/life balance Targets are set too high Quantity is more important than Quality when hiring
4790,Non technical manager make things worst.
4793,hard to get bonuses regularly - quotas are hard to get
4803,no cons for an employment in salesforce
4812,There was some misunderstanding on my accounts and which level I will be managing - Compensation as well was not really clear
4819,"Boring work, certifications required are hard"
4827,Slow progression within the business
4829,"Nothing, Nothing, Nothing, Nothing, Nothing"
4836,There is no work life balance at this company
4838,Shifts Nothing much Carrer growth Unrealistic targets No regular working hours
4842,Slow progression within the business
4843,"Lots of info to take in, but that’s only because I’ve just joined."
4853,"- As an SE, we’re often times spread very thin. In addition to pre-sales, we provide booth duty (marketing) and enablement (post sales) support. This leaves us no time to get the real work done, so we use nights and weekends to build and solution. - Marketing is usually 6 months - 1 year ahead of the products themselves. - Our customers love Salesforce but I spend most of my time education customers because they are confused on the products we offer. Putting Einstein and Lightning in front of every product confuses the crap out of everyone including internal employees - 3 weeks vacation for non exempt employees could be better - I often find that in order to use my VTO, I’m working overtime, because my work still needs to get done even if I’m doing volunteer work - Way too many all hands meetings. - Administrative overhead in general is extremely time consuming: time and expense reporting, activities entry, DCs, and administrative quip docs. - Turnover with our AE counterparts can impede on our ability to sell"
4855,Lack of direction in Infrastructure
4857,"It can be challenging to make a vertical or horizontal move out of a sales role without spending at least 2 years in sales, which is frustrating,."
4861,"Constant growth cuts in to resourcing to do the work already present, i.e. company wide travel bans. Some business functions are awash in money and people; others are thread-bare, with no discernable difference in impact or “importance to making money” Pay is below industry peers"
4867,"Terrible culture, finance team had long exhausting hours, the work was not rewarding, people not rewarded, long timers earning tons but new comers do not feel valued after a short period of time, no mentoring etc. There is a lot of talk about work-life balance but finance did not live up to the ""chatter"""
4869,"I think it is common with large companies to have a lot going on (info overload, lots of moving pieces) and it can be a bit overwhelming at times. Not a deal breaker by any means just on par with what I'd expect similar companies to experience."
4871,"benefits are expensive, have to pay for parking."
4874,The possibility of job burnout is high with long hours and high stress. There is a lot of writing for MBR and QBR documents. Difficulty in getting to the next level
4877,It’s a big company.
4879,- Insane amount of work - Too many conferences
4884,- Lack of conference rooms - Some employees are rude and selfish (this happens everywhere)
4898,Like any sales org with lots of horses in the race... you sometimes spend more time fighting internally than selling.
4899,"Where do I begin.... *pay is a joke compared to other large SaaS and tech companies. Even if you hit quota, which by the way barely happens. Please, please, please, don’t believe the hype. Less than 20 % of the people hit quota. I think in GRB it’s less than 10% for 2017. Regardless it’s a joke. I’ve worked at other tech companies and I’ve never seem anything so pathetic. *terrible middle management, I mean terrible. Keep in mind this review is coming from someone who was cosidered realtively succssful, and still think this place is a joke. Anyways, I digress.... Middle management for the most part is made up of people who lack leadership skills, talent, experience. It’s actually joke. It’s like a weird cesspool of account executives being promoted to management. One day theyre your peer, the next day, they’re your superior. Not saying they’re racist or anything, but holy hell, talk about 95% Caucasians Being promoted into these roles. Overall, management (based on my experience, observations, talking to peers,etc) literally brings NO value. They just sit at their computer and run reports, show up late to customer meetings, sit awkwardly/quietly in a conference room during a customer call, but during 1on1s (these are also frequent, redundant, waste of time), they offer to sit in on calls/meetings as if They are providing value. If you’re one of the unfortunate suckers/victims to work for Salesforce please please please understand, your entire success, compensation, will be 99% based on the territory handed to you. That’s it point blank. All the other BS, is Just that BS. Run a few reports and you’ll see the top performs get most of their ACV from organic aka gimmes or flips aka warm leads handed to them by the inside biz dev team. Team. Yes, working hard and doing everything the right way (by the book) will give you a very slight edge, but if you’re not handed a fruitful territory you WILL NOT hit quota or make money. Pleeeeasse, please take this as the truth. Again, I was a top 10-20% person, and I’m leaving this review. I could go on and on, but I’ll end it with this. If you’re an experienced sales professional, do NOT work here. You will regret it and regret it fast. If you’re a developer/coder then Salesforce might be a legit landing spot, otherwise look elsewhere."
4918,Lot of acquisition changing processes and infrastructures.
4924,Smaller territories Getting to be a large company
4931,Some of the office politics are tedious as is the change that happens each year to ....everything.
4932,"- Most of the Pros are company-wide things, but your experience may vary depending on where you work. It is a large company and different areas do things differently. - A ton of middle management and time spent in meetings. - While it is great to be a part of a global company, there are challenges involved in working at a remote location (i.e. not in San Francisco). We are often not a priority when SF is involved, so factoring in the time difference, you can be waiting day(s) to get issues resolved. - As with many companies of this size, a lot of ""hurry up and wait."" Get your work done according to a deadline, but watch it sit due to bureaucracy or changing priorities. - Salesforce isn't immune to a lot of the issues that plague software engineers everywhere. Requirements changing after work has already started, stakeholders not appreciating the complexities of the work, etc."
4933,Slow moving processes at times
4934,"Quotas get higher, and territories shrink. Pretty typical for a growing company, but it still makes it difficult to succeed, year over year."
4948,"Large company bureaucracy (red tape), difficult to work your way up in the company (in large part due to large size & red tape). Work can be monotonous at times (somewhat turns you into a one-trick pony), but, all-in-all, is typically fulfilling on a day-to-day basis."
4955,"None that I can think of, other then some days being a bit slow due to finishing the day's work early."
4959,"Can't think of any cons at all. Maybe the parking situation in downtown, but after a few months, your parking pass gets approved."
4960,"They title people as Field Account Executive however they do not truly operate this way. The culture is 100% IN OFFICE (nothing wrong with this but just be honest when bringing new folks on board). Very little work life balance as my team was unofficially ""required"" in office for 55+ hours every single week. It's a great place to work if you want to simply live just for SFDC, and feel like you're a hamster running in a wheel 24/7/365."
4965,Engineering bar seemed to have lowered Oracle managers who came into Sales cloud made it a political arena by putting people against each other Promotions are not done based on achievments -depends on manager to manager Growing micro management
4970,Processes make code commits lengthy.
4974,"its Pricey. Compared to the comp we are priced high making it more difficult to sell to smaller customers. we have to be more focused on catering to the small companies, not just by value but budget as well"
4976,"Very childish people seem to work here... Coming back from PTO I find that things on my desk have disappeared, only to find that my boss takes them and throws them at people around the office. I often have to duck so I don't get hit by flying objects that he throws when he is angry. My boss is a bully who doesn't believe in company culture, so although we have such great opportunities, I am rarely able to take part in any of them. Pretty disappointed after hearing so many rave reviews about this place."
4977,Lots of Microsoft influence blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah not many cons just filling to finish minimum number of words
4983,"As I’ve only just started all of my comments are about first impressions, so please take that into consideration. I have gotten the feeling that the company has grown so fast it is suffering from some growing pains. By all means a good problem to have, but it means process workflows can be a bit clunky."
4986,"-Having to pay for parking each month is a hassle, but it is hard to find a con about this company so far."
5003,I change managers two times a year. It seems like there are a lot of shuffling within middle management.
5009,Very different from the ad agency model. Difficult on-boarding. Sometimes the sheer size of the company gets in its own way.
5026,"Like all companies, there comes time to grind it out and work overtime. Although, it is not often but worth the rewards."
5031,Sales numbers often take precedence over actual customer needs.
5051,Management changes yearly which tends to frustrate.
5052,Sometimes difficult to manage growth
5055,No complaints. Great place to work at!
5072,Pay is a little low
5073,IT could reduce the number of communication tools.
5074,Accounts and territories not always evenly distributed Could match a higher rate for 401K and Dental insurance so-so
5077,"The work hours are long, and practically no work life balance. The projects are mismanaged and teams that are doing well and good are reorged for no apparent reason. There is also little recognition at a job well done. Managers treat employees as commodities. They stunt the growth of senior members and bring in new grads to add pressure and get work done."
5083,"repeatedly cutting back perks (breakfasts, lunches, team outings, massage therapist), not agile software delivery (3 hard deadline releases per year), very limited travel even with valid reasons, attempting to corporatize/homogenize everything in the office (bland white walls, very stock image-type 'culture galleries', nothing can be customized to the city the office is in), work is becoming more high-stress with arbitrary limitations on how you can perform your job, many layers of research required before being able to implement changes due to overly complex/legacy nature of the software monolith"
5084,"Office Sucks really bad (NYC 3rd ave) . They have a call center layout so you're sitting side by side next to someone for 8+ hours with absolutely no sense of privacy for 8 + hours. It does not ""promote collaboration""- its a way of cutting costs with a cheesy tagline. Imagine working next to someone you don't even like sitting next to... ""what are you eating, who are you on the phone with, what are you doing , where are you going, etc etc..."" Horrendous. The office air quality is poor, the desks are old and the tiny desk partitions are small and dirty looking. Hopefully the Tower will be better."
5092,It can feel like a large company at times with red tape.
5094,"- Every year Marc and Keith think it's ok to slash our pay and make it difficult to make any money. - 10% of AE's hit their annual number and OTE at SB and GRB segments - No enablement - Hire to many externals that have ZERO clue how to run an evaluation clogging up the promotional timeline for internal employees trying to advance. - Lowest Salary and Compensation in the market - even though we have the most expensive product - Keith Block is turning Salesforce into Oracle and culture and talent is fiercely diminishing. - No one is happy besides Upper Level Management - People go into management for wrong reasons (maternity leave so they can get 80% of OTE and be out office for 6-8 months providing no value to team and having no pressure of individual quota) - Marc uses Salesforce as a platform to promote his ridiculous political beliefs alienating all republican employees. - 50K base salary - Sales Ops and Finance dont pay people on time....EVER.. takes month for you're pay to reflect your title in Xactly. - Cant log the amount of hours you work because ""You should be able to get your job done working only 40 hrs"" They dont want to pay us. - They pay us like dogs and expect the world from us - Every year your territory shrinks, Quota's go up...Managment response is since we acquired more companies, new products should make up for added quota. - Internal recruiters do absolutely nothing to get anyone internally promoted (still unsure what they do all day) - Did I mention we only make 50K base?!!"
5106,- Managers micromanage. This is a very metrics driven org where KPIs are assessed every week. - Territories are getting smaller and smaller - OTE is achievable but it's hard to hit your monthly quota month over month.
5110,"Lots of good people are leaving in droves, Salesforce has become the epitome of corporate bureaucracy when it comes to process killing innovation, product has many dated aspects and is not innovating to be truly competitive in the space, the bean counters are taking over with layoffs and consolidations being labeled as efficiencies or things that are ""best for the business"", roadmaps and direction shift constantly, product managers and their teams are sometimes left to work from their own roadmaps until ""grand plans"" are solidified and communicated down"
5117,No different than working for an Intel or IBM other than the walls are just more colorful. Overbearing micro-managing bosses that treat you as just a object. An engineering culture of scoffing at work-life balance. Outdated infrastructure.
5121,- I honestly cannot think of anything I would like to change at this company
5123,"None at this time, but work-life balance is something to consider, as this is a high-pressure job with high expectations. As long as that is considered beforehand, there should not be any surprises."
5131,None so far. Nones so far. That's one way to meed the 5 word minimum
5135,Not much but to list one I would say work is very process oriented
5152,lots of traffic so commute was tough
5153,High turnover in sales management. Job satisfaction dependent on direct manager. Sales driven organisation
5155,Sometime mission and metrics get confused
5159,Big change of human resource management happened while I was interning.
5161,For me at-least commute is too long. Everything is perfect. no other cons i could think off.
5162,"- Was sold to me as a ""strategy job"" but don't be fooled this is 80% sales ops - The hours, you work like you're in a start-up without any of the equity - Pay is low for this type of role, even in comparison to most start-ups - The team is very short staffed and cannot handle the workload it's constantly given - The systems used are terrible, slow and outdated. Performance issues with the analytics tools can easily add 2-3 hours to your day. - I really can't stress enough how bad the hours are"
5166,"Why is drinking such a big part of the company culture? It saddens me that even a below-21 intern feels he/she can't participate fully in the ""culture"" because drinking is such a ""big part"" of it, as seen in a recent Glassdoor review. I don't drink for health reasons, and I often feel like work events (holiday parties, team celebrations, Dreamforce) are less rewarding for me because the non-alcoholic choices are an afterthought. Can I have a $20 gift card instead?! I've seen a lot of employees misbehaving and embarrass themselves through alcohol. Time to cut back. Alcohol is not the same thing as a company culture. Second, I have no illusions that working remotely is a perfect situation. I know I miss out on a lot in the office and I am ok with it. That said, I think the company could do more to make Salesforce better for non-SF members of the Ohana. I also think there should be better career paths for those who are not managers. Because I'm remote, I have been told I don't have much room to move up since I can't manage remotely (even though my manager manages me remotely... and that seems to work fine). The company expects so much of us during Dreamforce (12+ hour days for a week), but we never see any time off as a result of that."
5170,Some of the onboarding and process documentation is lacking.
5177,HR can be a little slow
5179,"Work Load, nothing else I can think of"
5193,"A LOT of middle management. Too many 'bosses' and C-level execs accumulated from all the company acquisitions...way too much 'fat', too many cooks in the kitchen and any other metaphor you can add here."
5209,"Broken promises: I was assured when I came on-board that the job was a contract-to-hire, but after the initial contract period was over, I was extended on the same contract and told that no full-time would be available. I was also told upon my initial visit to the office that I'd be visiting the office in-person several times a year, but after 7 months, there is no repeat visit on the horizon, so I feel very disconnected from the team. The only thing we actually do is build a web app that helps people send out marketing e-mails. I was excited about being part of something big that sets the industry standard, but I eventually figured out that couldn't care less for the company's product. My manager was changed halfway through my contract to a person who is a great coder but who has virtually no management experience, and she had two modes: ignore me completely and tell me everything is great, or micromanage my work with a critical eye and tell me I am going too slow and I don't deserve to bill for a full week. It didn't seem like she was capable of paying attention in a way that was really supportive. The last complaint I have is that priority decisions were made in a very top-down way without an intelligent eye on the effectiveness of work that's being done. Lots of automation coverage was built around medium to low priority test cases that were decided arbitrarily, while outstanding known defects and other important things were ignored."
5213,"A LOT of middle management. Too many 'bosses' and C-level execs accumulated from all the company acquisitions...way too much 'fat', too many cooks in the kitchen and any other metaphor you can add here."
5225,"SALESFORCE no cons to working here, OLD company my old job was at a sunnyvale EHR startup and they have a repressive culture, long hours, low pay and bad culture with micromanagement"
5242,Pay is not as high as similarly situated companies and promotions/advancement are harder to come by and not as clear how it's done.
5248,"MY OLD COMPANY worked at a southbay ehr company before and there was no recognition for work, brainless job, brotopia, people ask dumb questions without providing what they think"
5258,"Unfortunately there are a lot more Cons then there are Pros, which is a reflection of the location I was at: 1. The Management in Technical Support could use some Management training. Call Center management is well known for creating drama, poor morale, and inconsistency within the workplace. 2. The Managers create a toxic environment by not caring about employee welfare and falsifying information to employees. The company prides itself in transparency, but it doesn't seem that, that is the case. 3. If your not based in the headquarters office, it is extremely difficult to move into a new position, especially when your Managers has little to no interest in helping you grow professionally. 4. Employees are not held to the same standard as their peers. If your Manager likes you, you can get away with whatever you want. If he/she doesn't like you, you should plan on finding a new job as they will lie to upper management. 5. Upon starting a position with Salesforce, do not expect training because you're not going to get it. They would rather have you slave away fixing their previous mistakes, rather than properly train you to be efficient and knowledgeable about the product. The ramping up process is an absolute joke and an insult! 6. There is not one Manager who can do your job. None of the Manager's know the Salesforce platform or have any technical aptitude. 7. It is easy to get burnt out. For example 10 of the 12 months of my employment has consisted of 50 hour work weeks, full of insane workloads and the pressure to maintain specific metrics. They will squeeze every last bit of sanity and work out of you and all you get in return is the Managers cooking breakfast for you, which is an insult. Not only can they not manage, but they're also terrible cooks as well. 8. There is a lot of self-serving people in Technical Support and on Account Management teams. Rather than being one united team, people only look out for themselves and will quickly step on your toes if it suits them. 9. Your peers may appear to be on your side and want to make positive change with you. But they will be quick to stab you in the back if it means they will get in trouble.. Major lack of ""testinal fortitude"". 10.The morale in the office is equivalent to a prison. 11. As a Manager you should leave personal opinions and judgments at the door. 12. You can be extremely lazy, but have a good attitude and you will be treated like a top tier employee. If your a top performer but have the occasional bad day due to the high work volume and terrible workplace environment, your career will not flourish. 13. Managers are never available. And when they are, if you have questions or concerns, it is a huge convenience for them. 14. The platform UI is straight out of 2005. Who uses i-Frames anymore? 15. There's a lack of tools and resources available to do our jobs and Management will tell you the resources are coming, but they never do. Of if you do get them, it is too little, too late. 16. The company has lost its vision.. Being innovative doesn't involve buying other platforms/software and integrating it into your own. It is creating the product on your own."
5259,"Nothing bad to say - great place to work. Can be a lot of work, but I like the pace."
5262,Not a lot though spending occasionally seems excessive
5271,A bit unorganized in some areas.
5290,"A few months ago, there was a large surge of hiring. Most of the hires came from a third party vendor that was closing. Some of the new hires from this location were previously denied applicants. I discovered that these new employees were being hired in Senior positions over me, making more money than me, and were even given relocation bonuses that I was told I could not have when I relocated in the previous year to work for this company. When I was first hired, the interview process seemed incredibly difficult to get through. Once they had seats to fill, it became a mad dash to find anyone with any Salesforce experience to fill the seats, and they seemed to do anything to get those people here. I am now left feeling worthless and insignificant in my surroundings. My experience, hard work, and dedication to this company is now meshed into a field of call center employees dashing to meet metrics. On top of the new employees that were hired from this vendor, they also hired managers. I know that people take time to adjust, but these managers are killing our vibe. Salesforce prides itself on transparency. These managers keep secrets and treat employees like worker bees. We have had multiple interactions with upper management where they will talk about a big change, and act surprised when they find out that those of us at the bottom didn't know about the change. The new managers don't understand the need for work and life balance. We previously had options to work remotely when we were ill, or even having an off day. Where we were didn't matter as long as we were doing our jobs. Now, if you are sick and want to work from home, you are asked to take PTO (since you are not given Sick time, you need to use your vacation time)more often, which encourages sick people to come to work and spread their illness throughout the building. Talent seems to mean nothing here as well. It's all about how many years of service. I know of employees who don't put in the effort , who barely get their work done, and they are promoted because of how long they've been here, while I train other employees, mentor, and do still meet metrics, and I'm stuck at the same level. You report to a manager here, but good luck finding your manager if you need something. The Managers are presented as people managers, but when it really comes down to it, they are project managers. I end up doing many small tasks for my manager, that my manager doesn't have time to do, in order to keep my team running smoothly. By no means do I blame my manager for this, but they need to take some of this off their plates. They seem to work 24 hours a day. We recently had a huge push to get our case load down to a specific number. Our portion of the Organization spent 10 weeks squeezing every last drop out of every single one of us to close as many cases as possible. The communication that was sent out read as ""I know you are working hard and thank you for your efforts, but work harder"". After week 8, everyone around me was miserable. There were daily meltdowns from ""Analysts"" who were mad at customers for needing help, when the real problem was the amount of work they expected us to do, and the free time outside of work they expected us to sacrifice. Of course, management didn't see these meltdowns because they were off running Reports on metrics and trying to over analyze the reason behind xyz. When I first came here, I really thought that this was a career. It now feels now different than any call center or retail job I have worked in. This is the longest I've ever worked at a company without receiving a promotion."
5294,- Onboarding programs are in development
5295,Company is growing fast and as a result there's a growing bureaucracy that's makes it difficult to get things done quickly and efficiently.
5297,"Nothing really bad to complain. Sometimes you will feel the pace is not fast enough, and there maybe a lag from newly hot technologies"
5300,"Unhealthy competition, unreasonable expectations, uninspiring and unskilled/non technical middle management."
5307,Lots of changes happened all at once when I was there. Too fast for me. It's probably eased up a bit by now.
5308,No cons to report at this time. Clients have challenging problems like anywhere else.
5316,Office politics but that's typical for any workplace.
5317,"Inept managers, toxic politics I worked with ""the creative group"" within the marketing organization. The creative team is full of creatives that are half asleep and just there for the check. The team structure - product vertices, aka ""clouds"", paying for your position as a creative/ Program Manager/ media etc, but not considering a part of their cloud per se is weird and causes a lot of issues. Middle management in this group is inept on a good day. I feel like I actually lost ground on skill development while here. Overall some of the worst politics I've ever encountered."
5329,sometimes job can be slow
5344,A bit challenging for remote Employees
5352,Kind of obsolete build tools
5355,"a bit of an overwhelming pace, but well worth it!"
5359,Sometimes managers do not appropriately recognize and reward for the work you do.
5378,- Solution Engineering turning into Nepotism based growth path - First time in my career here I felt I am back to the starting line - Al(most) ex-CBU members favored for promotions and next level positions - No career coaching/path programs. Cannot do everything using Trailhead
5385,Internal politics but much less than most companies.
5386,Some old technology. Salesforce is a successful business running on an 18 year old application.
5391,Required to do trailheads every other week it seems like.
5394,"Fast growth has led to certain challenges, specifically in terms of onboarding and complexity. It also feels like we're an afterthought to Salesforce. We're starting to get some of their benefits, but salary and especially bonus discrepancies continue to be the norm according to Glassdoor reports."
5396,* Technology decisions made high up in management.
5401,"Management glaringly incomplete / arrogant! the wave analytics product should of never been released...at least another 18 months of basic development needed... Couldn't do basic analytics functions, nowhere on the Gartner Magic quadrant, and dropped price so much that reps can't make any money unless it's an added line item on a large non Wave deal"
5406,"Little room for advancement in some of the sub-clouds, unless you worked at whatever company got acquired to create that cloud. Can be hard to move up or onto different teams of your own volition. Constant reorganizations of mid-level management make it hard to get established as a newer employee."
5407,"Entrepreneurial, ie., Lots of do-it-yourself administrative work with little administrative assistance."
5419,Churn rate in staff in some areas
5421,"In such a big company, paper works sometimes could take longer than you think."
5427,Lots of changes all the time and directional pivots. What you get hired for maybe a completely different job in a few months.
5430,Parking is scarce difficult and expensive
5432,"like any place, there are politics, but management is good at recognizing real contributions * I like to work, so don't mind putting in extra time to get work done. Some may look at this as a con"
5434,Being a contractor in a department without growth
5437,"* like any place, there are politics, but management is good at recognizing real contributions * I like to work, so don't mind putting in extra time to get work done. Some may look at this as a con"
5441,It can be a bit of a grind.
5446,Pushing product add-ons to customer that they can’t adopt
5469,"It's good, no issues, I would recommend the company to anyone. Trying to get to the 20 word minimum, don't know what else to say"
5478,Too many products and admin issues taking away from selling time. Annual re-org fraught with issues that takes months to iron out.
5486,*Work/life balance isn't always prioritized when it comes to making sales numbers - basically expected to drop everything for a deal day or night and some inefficiencies with working late hours every month end.
5497,Sometimes the workload can be overwhelming
5498,"we get an insane amount of work, be prepared to sacrifice sleep."
5504,No much benefits but motivational environment. sal worthy for the work average hikes
5524,"Not many to be honest! The Dublin office has seen huge growth over the past few months which means there's some growing pains in terms of facilities i.e. parking, snacks, microwave availability. But this will all be sorted when we move to the new campus in the city soon. So no complaints really."
5525,Pace of work is a bit slow
5532,"A lot of organisational politics in management, too many sales managers, directors and VPs, very top heavy."
5535,"New Comp Plan means lower earnings despite spiffs, not as competitive now as the competition Admin- becoming increasingly difficult to focus on the day job with the amount of admin & mandatory trainings Promotions or external hires into positions that require more internal experience."
5538,The office are getting out of capacity
5541,You're just another employee in a mega corporation
5542,Territories getting smaller Overtime is a must to accomplish everything
5555,Long hours. Targets are huge.
5568,"Meetings about, meetings about nothing. pointless training every week. Dont forget your TPS reports, they are due every Tuesday at 10Am. Im gonna go ahead and resend you that memo about TPS reports."
5574,Somewhat stressful with tight deadlines
5584,too many useless meetings - company grew too big
5586,"Became a little too corporate, a lot of org shifts"
5589,Foreign language accent criticism - Comparison among employees - High expectation
5591,Sales salary is too high
5597,PST shift are very difficult and at-least they need to move all the night shift Engineers to EST shift
5604,The position of work place is a little bit crowded
5610,"High pressure sales environment, high workload"
5616,Some big company activity-based metrics creeping into the sales management process. Questions about the number and focus of middle tier management.
5618,You can be the hero one month and the other month definitely not. Also you need to be very lucky with your industry. Big differences in bonuses if you have a bad industry compared to somebody else.
5620,work may become stagnant at times
5621,Long work hours. Gets repetitive
5626,Like sales field they have target
5627,-internal recruiters could be faster
5635,"- Anyone not in a direct quota carrying roles is treated as a second-class citizen, and the sales side of the business (e.g. account executives and sales leadership) is revered and constantly lauded on internal calls. - Obsessive fixation on hitting quotas and revenue targets, which drives a culture of upselling (even when the customer doesn't really need it—despite their ""Customer Success"" value). - It is difficult to relate the SE pay and bonus to company performance—despite ever-growing revenues and beating last year's results, this never really translates into a significant increase in pay/bonus. - Murky promotion and career progression process that gets called out every year in the employee survey, but nothing really gets done about it. Hiring budget seems to be spent on bringing in more AEs (the quality of which varies considerably). - The open, sharing culture has led to oversharing, and useful information and documents are scattered across a load of different sources (Google Drive, Quip, Slack, various Salesforce orgs)—with no single way of searching across all of these. - Lots of internal ""noise"", which can distract from the day job (webinars, endless all-hands calls, irritating Slack channels etc). - Internal culture can feel a bit cultish at times and there is a growing disconnect between the US and non-US workforce. You have to drink the Kool-Aid to get ahead. - The internal Salesforce org (Org62) is a mess making it very difficult to navigate, Lots of duplicate data (e.g. accounts and contacts) across the organisation, which leads to internal fighting over territories/customers. - The company swings between big corporate and scrappy startup: some internal processes are excessively bureaucratic and long-winded (e.g. requiring manager approval for a $5 software purchase), and elsewhere decisions are taken on a whim. - Some employees can feel ostracised if they don't submit to the (exceedingly) left-leaning, social justice obsessed political views of the organisation. - A globally distributed workforce means that emails and Slack messages come in at all hours of the day—depending on the team, internal meetings can start early or run late into the evening."
5637,Work pressure which almost bearable
5638,"The amount of training to be completed alongside your job is overwhelming, it's good , but constant and can be difficult to prioritize your job at times with the deadlines. The resources are great, but they reference other resources to other resources, it's difficult to find quick answers to things at times as you will get stuck in a rabbit hole of content. Accounts / Territories can be saturated, lot's of whitespace for AMs. So you have to be good at finding new business to be successful. There are too many measures and KPI's. Every week there is a new KPI to try ad hit. Processes to move into new roles / hiring situations take a lot of time."
5641,Professional services is a hard department to get off from..
5650,As company is growing too many Processes
5654,Work pressure which almost bearable
5657,"Micromanagement in biz dev, long promotion period"
5658,Company is growing by acquisition and too many mandatory/internal meetings that takes away from time doing my job. Difficult thing with such an aggressive growth sales team are the quotas and unfair distribution of accounts that is never a perfect science and if you are on the wrong end of this can make the year quite difficult
5666,No timely salar or management
5671,Tenshion head ache Time consume not perment low salary package away from Home
5697,"None that I can think of, other then some days being a bit slow due to finishing the day's work early."
5704,"loads of work, burnt employees"
5706,some times long hours and dead line driven
5710,Working in such a large company means there are many projects with objectives that are hard to understand.
5715,"The company is not well organized and goes through reorganizations and direction changes frequently. Infrastructure is fragile, and management tends to throw people at issues to solve problems for the moment. Compensation is high because internal competition, long hours and management self-preservation make the company a difficult and trying place to work."
5719,Insane workloads and expectations by management. Overtime is essentially required in order to meet quotas. Management makes a lot of lip service about work/life balance but it doesn't exist. Middle-management are all yes men who drink the company Kool-Aid and never listen to employee feedback. Management is usually head down into reports rather than actually working with their employees.
5720,Base salaries are a bit low
5731,Sales driven culture can be a money-chasing grind Lean staffing leads to overwork and burnout Performance management isn't good Constant changes lead to confusion and inefficiency
5736,Overhired too many salespeople average attainment less than 40% Management feels thats appropriate 7 or 8 Salesreps per Sales engineer Micromanagement on lack of long term focus Extreme pettyness and incompetence
5738,Factory feel to services No stock options to PS No effort on work/life balance No room for growth
5746,dealing with rude people sometimes
5748,poor mid level managers and management training
5754,monthly quota tends to be a grind.
5764,Very political No life / work balance Overly metric happy - dashboards for everything Sales process too focused on short term goals
5777,Poor work/life balance in services team Promotions are slow
5783,Average Compensation and Perks. Big company like management.
5786,monthly cadence on quota can be stressful
5788,Salary - Not really comparable to other
5789,high pressure and crazy deadlines
5796,It is easy to burnout.
5799,A bit challenging for remote Employees
5808,it is always non stop busy. good amount of politics for this size of a company. using the most rudimentary bug tracking system for a software company.
5811,"Company is growing into the ""large"" arena and there is more red tape than there was previously. It's also a very competitve environment - so depending on your tastes and performance it may or may not be a good thing - i.e. if you're a lazy person with little ambition, this is not the place for you"
5818,"long hours, confusion around org structure"
5827,big company politics without any of the benefits of big company organization
5845,There is no such thing as work life balance.
5848,There is an excessive amount of disorganization and politics. Every day is another marketing event fire drill - merely a result of CEO who is a master marketer for better or worse. Learning to navigate the organization requires a long ramp time.
5852,an option with a downside as well as benefits
5856,These guys are into slavery. They hire people at 22 dollars an hour!!!!!!!!!!!!
5859,Parking is scarce difficult and expensive
5867,I think work load would be less
5870,"It is not the same company I started working 3 years ago. The fun culture is lost. There is only work and more work on top of that. The company grew too much during the pandemic, but didn't hire enough engineers to back up the new volume. The company is hiring more sales and not investing in their engineers. They are blind on their 50 billion revenue target, not caring how to achieve that sustainably. Everyone is overworked, stressed and there is no improvements in sight. The promotion cycle is obscure and not transparent at all."
5874,Work-life balance can suffer at times
5877,- Nothing - Nothing - Nothing - Nothing - Nothing
5885,Nothing to Report. Everything is amazing about the organization
5891,Hard to be promoted Salary rise annually is low
5905,Not a lot of work if you’re coming from consulting world
5906,Micromanagement is rampant. Promotions are often based on favoritism.
5907,"You get bored after passing the certs, the role is very transactional"
5918,They lie about how long the BDA program is before SDR and there is a lot of favoritism that goes into who gets promoted
5919,I cannot answer since i haven't started my job yet.
5921,As any other corporate- sometimes challenging
5932,Not Applicable for this company
5936,internal politics in big company
5945,Challenging targets to achieve. High staff turnover.
5947,nothing that is negative for now
5948,Low base pay for internal promotions
5952,Just the time zone for ist employees
5954,"Underpaying juniors, slow career progression if you start low"
5969,Low base pay for internal promotions
5972,Salary too low and many things to do
5978,Active recruitment can be done from the employee referral and not mostly from career sites
5983,"Some bureaucracy, but understandable since it's a big enterprise software company"
5987,"Long hours, bad people in management, extremely stressful, luxury sweatshop vibes"
5988,work load is too much at times
5993,1. RSU refreshers are tough 2. tech processes - can be annoying.
5995,Next to no growth opportunities for those outside US or Sales.
5997,"No learning , High work pressure"
5998,Stale culture Employee experience Tight with expenses
6001,very rigid bureaucracy with lots of red tape
6003,"Budget cuts are bizarre given profits (e.g. no morale/activity budget), initiatives come in that derail short term planning (e.g. compliance with no notice, 3 week deadlines), lots of training that feels very irrelevant, too many All hands"
6005,"Underpaying juniors, slow career progression if you start low"
6010,working hrs was more difficult to manage
6013,Sometimes may get time consuming
6015,High target to meet. High turnover rate.
6020,1. RSU refreshers are tough 2. tech processes - can be annoying.
6021,No cons in the company
6027,"Bad HR processes, lots of internal systems and too much forced actions in culture and equality stuff"
6028,Salary too low and many things to do
6030,Ralatively week coverage on c levels
6033,Next to no growth opportunities for those outside US or Sales.
6036,1 Manager are having their favorite Engineers and they always appreciate only them. forget to get appreciation from Indian SRE managers. 2 Managers are always busy to play politics in the team instead of work. 3 Managers do not have the skills to improve the work environment as they hired only for micro management. 4 in Commerce cloud and marketing cloud India SRE managers(leadership) have hired from support and they are only and only playing politics and made their employees life hell. 5 HRs are nothing in salesforce. They are friends of managers so forget HR will support you. 6They are treating employees as their slaves and pretending like they are paying salaries from their pockets instead of salesforce. 7 Managers gives threatening to SRE employees to fire .
6038,No work life balance in sales
6045,Low compensation for the current role I am in
6049,Some amount of bureaucracy which is to be expected in a company this large.
6050,- Not many - A bit of a corporate culture
6052,"Due to the size of the company, lots of processes and procedures dictated that are not always best for the customers or the employees."
6054,"work life balance, increasing bureaucracy"
6064,Tools for daily work are complicated or antiquated or too many in use.
6066,tough to get promoted internally
6072,Huge company. Welcome to the machine.
6073,"Politics, Quality of Work getting bad"
6077,Large corporate company and hard to individualize plans for employees
6079,Pressure packed to perform but I would expect nothing less from a Tier 1 company like Salesforce.
6084,hours and the people are difficult
6089,- Work life balance more of a myth for some teams - Large company with a growth mindset can be good and bad. Expectations of a large company without some of the tools or resources to get them done. - Not much appreciation for back office functions.
6095,stress around end of quarter
6096,"Too large, Impersonal, Layoffs, Overinflated titles"
6099,Bloated org; too much functional overlap
6101,Too large Diluted Too competitive Work/life balance
6108,Sometimes there is a hands off management style
6117,To many people from Oracle turning into mini Oracle.
6120,stress around end of quarter
6121,"Too large, Impersonal, Layoffs, Overinflated titles"
6122,Poor middle management and too much favoritism
6123,Too large Diluted Too competitive Work/life balance
6126,Arrogant account directors. Management lack leadership. Spend more time on administrative tasks and less on selling.
6140,Promotions are sometimes favoritism internally
6142,Unlimited time off is hard to utilize under manager approval when project deadline is aggressive
6143,FTO is a real myth as it all depends on your manager. I've never seen this model to work in any company as you have to beg your manager for time off and usually that means delayed workflow or getting someone else to cover. Not a practical vacation policy. Would rather see PTO based on time served and get that paid out when I leave the company.
6145,Total package not comparable with FAAG
6155,Sales team structure too complex and too many people involved. Low ball on comp packages
6159,Trust - Don't believe what they promise you. They won't keep their word Focus has shifted from how to care for employees and customers to how to make more money It's Oracle with a better PR department. Expect layoffs every quarter
6165,"Politics, Corporate Shiny Toy Syndrome (priority switching)."
6167,Consistent hiring freezes for how fast they say they want to grow
6170,"Very flat structure, so not clear on how quick to move up"
6181,Salesforce has gotten so big that some processes are much slower due to the corporate nature of the company
6184,Legacy systems and code can steal away time.
6187,Slow development process that can lead to features going to production at a slower pace.
6194,-End of the quarter can be stressful
6201,They took away overtime which was how they justified lower than average base salaries.
6204,"I did say ""caveats"". -RSUs are low as compared to FAANG and there are no refreshers - hence, there are a lot of boomerangs, and a reputation as a ""retirement home"", because there is no reward for working harder if you are not also trying to get promoted. -Despite claiming to have a culture of open debate, it doesn't exist and there is seemingly no motivation to change this. For example, even though they say they will answer forum questions relating to the weekly allhands, they never do if it pertains to an internal policy. There is no upward feedback mechanism, except for your direct manager, and on many teams this is a ""player/coach"" who has no involvement in setting the policies of the department. There is an ""airing of grievances"" forum but it is heavily ""tone-policed"". Bottom line is that if you get stuck in a bad situation or team, your options are to change teams or leave, there is no opportunity to improve things from within. -Silos and a lack of coordination result in many internally competitive and duplicative efforts, and inefficiencies. Product-wise there is crossover between Marketing Cloud and Pardot, Tableau and Einstein; and Vlocity/CPQ/B2B Commerce for example. Whatever's new and shiny (acquisitions and Dreamforce announcements) gets love, but if your area is not, good luck getting Trailhead modules or product management to prioritize new feature development. There are approximately 90 billion different efforts to create documentation for consulting resources for how to do their job, all run by different groups and stored on different platforms. And because Slack and Microsoft are viewed as competitors, there is no company-wide collaboration tool like Slack or Teams, it's just a bunch of incomplete tools like Google Chat and Salesforce Chatter and Quip and email and.... -There tends to be a lot of politics between teams, even beyond the product-related competitive/redundancy issues. In short, if you like what you're doing, and who you're doing it for/with, you're in a great position. But if you don't, you're going to have a bad time. I don't know anyone who was unhappy with their situation in Salesforce who subsequently made it better, at least without changing teams."
6209,Tools for daily work are complicated or antiquated or too many in use.
6210,Base salary is very low
6241,Upper management (engineering) is incompetent and is killing the company
6245,The Public Sector team has a bad culture
6250,"Things definitely changing after purchase by SalesForce.com. Becoming much more bureaucratic and annoying. Much less mutual respect and trust and much more ""top-down"" management approach. Before SF purchase, you were a cog in the wheel in the hands of a loving watchmaker. After SF purchase, you are a cog in the wheel on the wrist of an aggrandizing marketing ""visionary"". Way understaffed. Morale is at an all-time low after purchase."
6253,"Getting to be a ""big company"" with the big company type of red-tape, no 360 degree review process, so some senior managers are able to treat their people cannon fodder and without accountability as long as they make their numbers or ""manage up"" and show a good face to the senior boss above them."
6257,"As with any big company, the team you are on can drastically change your experience here but I am going to try to point out some of the general things. Also of note, before you read too much into the other reviews, take the time to notice how many of the 5 star reviews are can be summed up by ""great place to work but has growing pains"" or ""you get what you put in, slackers need not apply"". I will let you draw your own conclusion on why so many of these reviews sound like marketing message .... It doesnt look like ExactTarget understands that they are no longer a startup. The only people that thrive at ExactTarget are people that have no lives. 50+ hours of work a week is the norm and anyone that does less is considered a ""slacker"" as you might have seen in some of these other reviews. If you do the math, you'll realize that the decent paycheck, which is typically higher than the industry norm, ultimately falls woefully short when you look at how much you make an hour. As you work here, you come to find out that it is very much a cult mindset and you are either in or out. Job security comes from owning tribal knowledge of projects that are integrated in to the platform since documentation is apparently a running joke. There are many processes that have been implemented to ""streamline"" development but apparently the management style here is to implement ""solutions"" and ignore the results because the only thing that these processes have done is add one more point of failure to an already broken system. Contractors are treated as second class citizens. Its common knowledge. The way to get ahead is to brown nose and give up on life outside work. ET is founded on the principle that the reward for a job well done is an opportunity to do more. After the Salesforce acquisition morale and productivity have been at an all time low while frustrations and turn over have been on the other side of the scale."
6264,Salary is a bit lower than competitors
6266,"No work-life balance. Your manager will make or break your experience here. At one point a manager I reported to implemented an attendance policy which docked people for being sick. Sound ridiculous? Probably, but it's completely true. Salesforce is a SALES company first and a TECH company second. Goals often seem more important than people."
6270,"Beginning to get much more ""big company"" - more red tape, etc just to get the job done."
6289,"Management, Management, and terrible management!"
6304,disorganized; changing priorities; ad hoc
6307,Feel Stagnant after a year. Hard to move up Some what flexible unorganized for process
6319,They do not hire within and at times do not provide the gratitude deserved by employees for over achieving.
6320,"Very driven to increase revenue, not necessarily a bad thing but creates lots of pressure."
6321,"Long hours, and pathetic bonuses"
6327,Commute brutal when living outside of SF.
6332,"Middle Management, Changing culture, Hierarchies"
6348,"Lots of work to do, slackers need not apply..."
6361,"There was a little too much turnover, and with the volume and pace of the work required that sometimes made it difficult to stay above water. With the company getting large it became slower-moving the longer I stayed -- difficult to get some initiatives pushed through."
6362,Every employee who is exempt of overtime pay is overworked and totally stressed out.
6371,Growing Pains. Bad Politics Very Weak Senior management The CEO hired Childhood friends who are now EVP's who don't have the knowledge or ability to organize the work and set up the processes to make a company of this size run smoothly Be warned Its better if you are in sales or an engineer but frustrating to get things done Bad politics
6373,"top heavy company - politics get in the way fast growing company, but not enough headcount to keep up with the pace"
6379,"- As the company scales, it is also becoming a big more bureaucratic. Needs more levels of approvals in order to get things done. - Seems to focus more on Sales than the rest of the departments."
6389,- sales can be a high-stress job
6390,"1. You have to bear hell of politics 2. It was different when I started but now many of managers lie about promotions, bonus and green card process I think they purposefully delay so that they can retain employees. If they know you can not switch then they will give not give raise or agreed bonus as well. It happened with me. 3. Its not a technology company. There are multiple CTOs, my group CTO does not even know current technologies, they try to solve big data problems using PL/SQL and will force you to do the same even if you know Hadoop technologies or other upcoming technologies. 4. The promotion is based on number of check-ins you can make and managers openly tell that. Its absolutely not related whether you checked in test or some stupid UI / xml fix or a routine to mine billions of events to generate recommendations. How dumb management can be in technical aspect? 5. Most of the product managers and product directors are jokers, they decide future product direction and design with no technical background. They talk about topic extraction using UI and static categories. 6. Its all gonna go downhill with a burst of existing big customers leaving because product is good but page load performance sucks big time or if good technology company comes as a competitor. Its just a matter of time when it is going downhill."
6396,"While at SFDC I joined just in time to get RSUs, however, I cashed it all out when it hit $150+ and there really isn't money to be made via stock anymore. At my level they didn't do any refreshes of stock, so once you get it, that's it. At higher levels (SVP+) you could make some money, but it's like that at every other tech company in the valley. I don't have much faith in their product growth either. They have penetrated most of the market and there aren't many new logos coming down the pipeline. Most sales are with existing customers with newly acquired products. Speaking of acquisitions, the M&A strategy of buying everything in sight doesn't seem to be working that well, especially with the new senior convertible notes they are issuing. It is difficult to understand what the product roadmap is going to be like if they keep acquiring random products. Maybe Marc has some tricks up his sleeve, but it's not very clear right now. I agree with some prior comments about having to conform. When I joined several years ago, it was easy to speak your mind and get things changed, but nowadays it's all about conformity and agreeing with people. The performance process is not that good either. They go through a V2MOM process (you can find out more on the web about it) and it literally takes me an entire day to fill it out. They have changed things a bit with ""Work.com,"" but it's just that, work. IT Helpdesk is also not very good in my opinion. There is no walk-up station to get things fixed, you have to call a phone number or open a ticket, then wait until an analyst gets back to you. My first week took a couple dozen helpdesk tickets to get up to speed. There was one day my computer was on the fritz and it took literally an entire workday to get it resolved because there was no walk up station."
6400,"manager politics get in the way, horizontal job shifts are hard"
6401,"Lots of politics going on in the company, lots of frustration working through red-tapes to get things done. I guess when companies get big you can't avoid these things."
6411,"lots of growing pains, not very data driven"
6412,poor middle management cronyism huge culture shift and growing pains; company has become a mini-Oracle haves and have-nots in sales
6414,"compensation seems spectacular for AE, but that might be the case for other dept"
6418,Stress Bureaucracy Internal structure needs innovation Certain parts of the company have not innovated to keep up with growth
6422,"loads of work, burnt employees"
6427,Constantly shuffling territories; realigning Quotas increase significantly YoY
6435,growing pains with hiring so fast.
6445,"Moves very slowly (only people who think 3 releases/year is fast come from even more enterprisey backgrounds) Lots of extra added process in the last year, making life harder for devs Cult worship of his highness gets old incredibly fast, especially when... ...the company hasn't actually made money in a while (using non BS accounting). This is completely inexcusable for a company with $3B+/year in revenue. If they can't generate real profits at that scale, they likely never will Most importantly, the vast majority of the R&D org doesn't really care about either their jobs or technology in general. Thats not really a problem per say (their prerogative to do so), but it wasn't really what I was looking for. I didn't interact with anyone at SFDC that I would call technically incompent, but there are far too many indifferent people and not nearly enough excellent people."
6447,"too many irrelvant engineers, some of them are incapable and some works are boring."
6449,"Facilities management is atrocious, no sabbaticals for tenured employees, massive growing pains due to rapid expansion, IT department is completely inept, not always supportive of work-life balance"
6453,"Salesforce is not a start-up anymore, so there are a lot of processes and red-tape to go through to get things done."
6456,Late nights for releases Attrition rates in some depts is rough Knowledge siloss. Some employees take the great stuff offered for granted after a while. Hard not to get caught up in complain sessions when other employees get whiny.
6477,Should offer telecommuting option for reps that do not live close to a an office.
6482,Feels like you're a number in a big factory.
6492,Long days I’m the saddle.
6493,Sometimes team selling can be cumbersome. I was recruited based on the ability to log overtime hours every week and that has since been stripped away. It's a significant reduction in overall compensation.
6499,"poor promotion paths, big company"
6500,"You need an advanced finance degree to figure out how you get paid as a sales rep. I have never seen anything so convoluted in my professional career, and have had to log multiple cases with payroll to fix my commission pay due to processing errors. They've also changed out compensation structure 4X since I started."
6502,Work from home was not fun
6509,"Provide additional training or resources to employees who’s preferred learning styles differ from the remote onboarding. Other than that, nothing else!"
6510,"An exhausting amount of nonstop meetings to be on camera for, dizzying compensation (OTE) breakdown, not making OTE even though company is breaking records every quarter and year, tons of pressure from sales and leadership to produce, SE to AE ratio, the layoffs heard round the world (just not to us first), I feel like we are being sold to on company meetings more and more. For everything you notate in Salesforce and Quip be prepared to discuss with 3 levels of management on all the details several times a month in a nonproductive meeting. We don't use Salesforce the way we sell companies on using Salesforce and it shows in our meetings that could have been a Slack update. Did I mention overbooked calendar? Paid Overtime hours were taken away, but we work overtime anyway. Learning curve of Salesforce product names and jargon is never-ending. Training to AEs seems disproportionately shorter and less in depth to SEs and it impacts sales cycles."
6517,Old tech stack and dev environment hurts the engineering productivity
6521,Career promotion leveling guide is unclear
6523,Internal promotions and compensation fairness
6532,Base pay is low but you make up for it in uncapped commission - total OTE is very high but quotas are high
6540,Still figuring out how to deliver a bottom-up sales motion along-side the top down sales motion.
6541,low salary and need more PTO
6542,The multiple acquisitions have brought some difficulties to work across all of them.
6543,Corporate Ladder makes it hard to move up
6547,Insurance premiums are cost shared and are extremely high. Especially for the Tech support / Operations employees that make a fraction of what Engineers make.
6553,* Constant Micromanagement * Management * Dumb sales spiffs which take up time doing pointless activities * Pay structure * Promotions * No Transparency * Heavy workload along with unnecessary meetings everyday
6554,"boring work, many meetings, bureaucratic processes"
6563,Sales territory getting small and quotas getting bigger.
6565,"Bad prioritization projects, projects change frequently"
6570,"Too many priorities, need to focus to get things done"
6573,Low pay for enablement which stinks!
6595,Bureaucracy can get in the way of productivity sometimes
6613,"Slow days, weekend work, no overtime"
6617,1. salary growth 2. tech stack
6622,(Infrequent) bottlenecks that you would expect from any 50k+ employee company
6629,"A lot manual process with sourcing leads, etc. Could be automated a little more to help get the job done faster."
6636,Keep changing the rules pretty annoying
6638,"Employee care stops at the words. If that's all you need, then jump on board; otherwise, beware that the care doesn't extend much beyond that, especially if you're not at a major hub. SFDC really likes to pump the Kool Aid down your throat, and you see the benefits of it when you look at hubs like San Fran or Indianapolis. But if you work anywhere else, beware of a constant feel of being the redheaded step child, living under the same roof, but handed only hand-me-downs and being denied dessert after every meal."
6643,No cons for this company
6655,"The Ohana kool-aid is just bull$%@! Just like any other company they are in the business of making money and will dump any loyal employee if there is a way to increase the stock price. Watch out after any new company acquisition as the billions invested in the purchase will need to be compensated with laying off thousands of loyal employees in any region (not just USA) even when there are billions of cash in the bank. Laid off victims were given a couple of months to"" find a new position/role"" within the company except to my knowledge NOBODY I know got that coveted new position, I'm sure someone did but how many out of thousands of laid off employees... probably 1%, 3%? Oh yes, there was a high percentage of over 40-45yr old laid off employees as we all know younger employees cost less. So a lot of talk about diversity but in practice it seems there are just some categories that are considered for a diverse work force, older employees are not one of them. After you get laid off HR will become very unresponsive, YMMV. Promotion process was black magic at least to people within my unit."
6664,tough to get promoted internally
6668,like any other big company
6673,- Development slowed by monolith
6687,"The ""culture"" at Salesforce is extremely toxic. Everything that they do is purely lip service. Their work life balance? There is none. Diversity, do they make diverse hires? Sure, are you welcome into the office? No. How do they keep getting such great reviews? Take a look at the reviews, most of them are from employees that are 6 months or less. Right after you attend training(which is great) you are sent a survey to rate them on Glassdoor. You are on a high from training and have no idea what you have gotten yourself into yet so you give them 5 stars. Fast forward if you are an AE you are given your territory that has generated virtually no revenue from the year before or was oversold by the previous rep(you are then stuck with handling customer service issues due to poor implementation) and a number that is impossible to reach. Multiple times a week you are required to have a 1:1 with your manager to go over this territory where you are trying to make lemons into lemonade. Nepotism and favoritism runs rampant here. They allow other employees who have ""put in the work"" aka been there the longest to get the best territories and therefore they are hitting their number and eligible for promotions. The irony of this is that they are also tasked with training new employees where they have the attitude of "" pull yourself up by your bootstraps"". They are little to virtually no help because Salesforce fosters an environment where you personally have to be #1. Anything or anybody that could interfere with that is seen as a threat. I could go on about how terrible of an experience this was for me and I also recognize that this isn't everybody's experience as well. However I would be lying if I didn't cringe every time I see articles talking about their next initiative."
6695,- Restructuring every year No other cons.
6696,- large management layer - too many products
6697,None plan to leave in the next 12 months
6705,Inconsistent communication from management regarding priorities
6707,None plan to leave in the next 12 months
6708,"Bureaucracy, Base Pay, Pace, Dependence on others"
6709,very arbitrary review and promotion process
6716,"They preach about health/wellness, and getting a long internally, yet there are blatant discrepancies in the reality. No sick time off, just PTO. Internal teams working against each other. Lots of money goes towards marketing how great we are, when there’s not a lot changing internally."
6718,hours and the people are difficult
6728,Tough gig! Long hours if not at quota end of month/end of quarter pressure
6733,Moving up is tough. Only two promotion period per year.
6734,"Work life balance does not exist, it's a brutal grind"
6735,"matrixed, inefficient, tech debt, political, top heavy"
6740,Low compensation for the current role I am in
6741,It’s becoming a big company. Anything you’d expect from a really large company. Promotion processes have become more rigid. Territories have shrunk a bit. But with this comes more opportunity.
6745,"Base pay is lower than other companies. For some reason they prefer you leave Salesforce at some point and then ""rebound"" in order to make a higher salary"
6749,Hard work and low compensation
6753,Works too hard on all projects
6759,burn out quickly as the hours are long (12-16 hour days)
6775,Very boring job High turnover
6780,"Long shifts, overworked employees lack"
6789,Very numbers driven. Not as much fun in local small affiliates as in hubs.
6794,Office is not clean many people fall sick and no one care about it
6799,Demanding work with low headcount
6800,"The India sales mgmt has a clear objective.Get your people in the company at high posts and get all the performing people out of the company. Recent exit of all the performing people is an example of what is happening. If you are hired from IBM,ORACLE,MS,SAP you are treated like a god and given special treatment in terms of higher compensation,lower targets,promotions etc without any due diligence. Many a times policies are overlooked to promote people who are dear to the mgmt. We talk about equal pay for women,however there is huge difference in how men of equal work experience for same job are being paid. Obviously hiring from our competitors is killing our Ohana culture and making the environment very toxic for anyone to grow."
6827,"The job can be addictive, so make sure you find the right balance. No one is pushing you but yourself."
6829,"1. Pays less in accordance with same post in other firms 2. No joining bonus, salesforce doesn't have a culture of joining bonus 3. No company based cabs and even no reimbursement for daily travel 4. No gifts (atleast should give some gifts yearly or diwali)"
6845,"Salesforce is huge. Where one department flourish, other can be in despair. Your manager can travel to other offices and spend 15k per trip, where you would find it difficult to get £400 conference ticket approved. Promotions are highly political and not clear. They rarely promote from within and happy to place a friend on a top position. Standard salary early rise is 3%. Bonus 10%, (not sales). Every year they overspend general expenses budget and enforce a lockdown. That affects ability to visit head office and communicate with key colleagues."
6849,Release cadence of Core (3 times a year) is forced on the rest of the company even if it doesn't make sense for the product you're on. Forced to dogfood our own internal project management software (GUS) which only maintained by a very small team. Open headcount is distributed blindly to projects that are stack-ranked in priority and there's not much to go around after the top 2 or 3 start hiring.
6855,"Its sometimes difficult to maintain work-life balance. Because the industry is fast moving, priorities can change on a short notice."
6860,"With growth comes restructuring at times, those in sales positions that can adapt to change thrive, as roles/territories change annually."
6865,- Size of the organisational structure can take getting used to
6877,Is literally nothing they can do better
6882,Technical support support triage Technical support specialist
6885,- Sometimes slow internal processes - A lot of overhead in the first 6 months due to compulsory certifications etc. - a lot of travelling but it's more the job itself
6893,Need more better positions in hyd office Nothing Nothing to say
6900,Oracle 2.0 in terms of politics Many promises without any content Invisibility into management processes and decisions Generally not competitive salary within Dublin Office: - far outside the city - No assigned desk (about 5% work on the floor/ in the kitchen/ the staircase - you name it) - No canteen (two microwaves per floor) - No gym/pool etc. facilities every 6th BDR is not paid according to comp plan (you simply do not receive your commission and no replies to cases - you might get your commission 6 months later) -imbalanced territories (always the same territories on top of the dashboard on all levels) - For the DACH team: Congratulations to your recent top performing month with more than 30% of the reps hitting their target They will tell you a lot about career and progression but do not necessarily walk the talk
6906,"- Management roles are hard to come by, sometimes they prefer to fill management role from outside just because there is no one to replace the most eligible person to be promoted - Overall promotion process has gotten slower over the years, they might say its all your abilities but it some of it is also timebound now - HIGH POSSIBILITY of crazy work schedule and long hours, especially if you are an engineer but they give you comp days, but you might never have time to redeem those"
6910,dublin office is far from city center so nothing to do near by
6919,Workload is important - but is is that bad?
6922,"Understaffed on some projects, so urgency primes sometimes on strategy"
6929,"- work/personal life balance: you need to be always on, even during vacation/outside of regular business hours - multiple acquisitions of other companies often requires modifying internal processes and structure (every fiscal year org structure seems to change - this may be a good or bad thing depending on your point of view)"
6932,No office transport and food can be better
6934,High pressure no work life balance
6937,"1. If you're hired as ""Success Agent Tier-2"" for CRM support then your Salesforce career is over because you'll be working in a specific skill group (Configuration, Usage or Email team) and do not get any chance to explore the real Salesforce CRM tool. 2. Management do not to monitor/plan their employees leaves(PTO's) properly which again makes very difficult to work with a huge backlog of cases. You can expect 25-30 cases per agent in AMER shift or 30-35 cases per agent in EMEA shift. NOTE: I have worked in Wipro (worst of all IT companies) so I am very well aware of overload/ extra amount of work. 3. They do not have enough ""Tier-3"" resource which makes your life miserable because as Tier-2, you'll be the only point of contact for the customer who has raised a case. If customer escalates the case or gives you DSAT due to the delay in resolution, then it won't affect Tier-3's performance. Management will simply blame you. 4. So many bugs/ Known issues in every major releases which will make you cry like hell as a support agent. 5. If you ask CSG management to hire more resources to reduce the back log, they'll simply say - ""No we cannot because we do not have enough budget"". 6. HR team sends out an employee survey link in each quarter but that doesn't make any change in your work life. 7. Also when it comes to ""Employee referral""(if your friends, relatives or siblings gets hired then you get $2000/each) program in Hyderabad is one of the most ""Corrupted"" program they've. I have seen 3 examples of corruption in referrals where managers referred their siblings who has really good terms with the ""hiring manager"". They all got selected and each manager earned easy $2000 + Family member (as a salesforce employee). So again if you're hired as Success agent Tier-2 then forget about referring anyone. 8. No way you will get Onsite chance. Strict policy. Also please do not dream of getting free passes/visit to Dreamforce event especially if you're in India. ()"
6940,- Depending on team promotion might not be as quick as with other tech companies - Compensation slightly below some competitors
6942,"Nothing much, too rapid growth"
6956,"- Marc Benioff (CEO) hasn’t been to the EMEA HQ in Dublin in over 5 years. Take from this what you will. - lack of transparency with internal interviews, no ACTUAL reason for not being promoted. The provide feedback through the medium on nonsensical corporate jargon that ultimately yields no explanation as to what you did wrong or how to improve going forward. - Dublin office location is in an industrial estate near the Dublin mountains"
6964,Not enough space in the London office
6976,long hours and fast moving pace so business constantly changing (not necc a bad thing)
6979,"Not much career development possibilities in this department, tasks can be repetitive."
6984,"as we grow, sometimes there are too much organizational complexity"
6989,"Long(er) interview process but worth the wait, and the work!"
7004,"Territories are switched every year, unless you have an ""in"" with your boss who will bend the rules and allow you to keep an account."
7015,"Since I am going to work from now, I do not know the disadvantages of the company."
7027,"Large corporate processes, meaning a lot of time is wasted (talking about getting things done instead of just doing)"
7028,Nothing as such in my tenure.
7036,Sometimes lack of resources and basic infrastructure / processes.
7038,"* employees are not valued I was offered a full time position (6 months in advance before the start date) after having completed a 4 months internship but they ended the contract 2 weeks before starting as they decided to relocate the team to another country. Because of that, I need to mention they ended the contract of other 20 people the were working in the team. (all had to look for a new job) They only offered 1 month salary as compensation nothing more. I have already paid for a new accommodation where I was a guarantor for other 2 people. I brought proof. They didn't care. And this is how people end up in the streets (unless you can find a job in one week or own some savings) So much of the OHANA spirit they are so proud of!"
7042,- Can sometimes feel like a bit of a corporate giant
7050,"- Lack of Transparency in every thing, whether it is promotion, interviews, work etc. Promo - Collect feedback from your favourite people and get promoted to VP even if your sub ordinates or people working under you don't like your style of functioning. Just like typical Indian govt. office promo's where you throw money here you throw feedbacks. Interviews - Whom to hire for the position, what qualities to look for, what job responsibilities should be conveyed, no clarity. Hire and attract talent by throwing industry buzzwords like etc. containers, docker, kubernetes, etc and tell them to work on round the clock patching or deployment work. (No forum to raise this concern apart from glassdoor) - No clear vision from senior/mid senior management/infra leadership. People at bottom most level who don't know what they are supposed to be delivering in infra. Software engineers working on operations work to resolve switch issues and fixing racks, working with DC engineers. They don't have any clarity or vision of future from leadership. (No forum to raise this concern apart from glassdoor) - How to get all star award? Well there are lot of ways to achieve it: 1) Sit in US HQ office and screw things in production time and time again and get a all star award. If you do the same from Hyderabad then you will land into PIP (Performance improvement program). 2) Create a half baked software or an automation working in silo without taking any requirements from actual endusers. Create a hype around it, push it to prod with no proper testing, provide zero documentation, get stocks/promo's/all stars and then move out of the project to screw something else. - No alignment Work for some other team and report to someone else in the management chain who has no idea what are you doing. V2MoM of folks in hyderabad is more of marketing gimmick it fails to provide any alignment, clarity or vision for people working at the ground level. When you are asked to talk about it no ones know how to get it sorted, they just want to keep doing things the way they are because end of the day they are more concerned about there own promo's. (No forum to raise this concern apart from glassdoor)"
7056,"Bad management, poor hr, lots of clickiness, bad behaviour tolerated"
7060,"There is no shortage of work do to, it's very important to prioritize your work otherwise it could be overwhelming."
7064,"as we grow, sometimes there are too much organizational complexity"
7065,- Size of the organisational structure can take getting used to
7070,Office space could be nicer
7077,too segmented takes a while to progress internally
7092,Sometimes the culture does it trickle down to the regions properly
7095,No longer a startup and getting very corporate at certain levels.
7097,Becoming slightly jobs for the friends type of business in certain locations regardless of merit.
7101,- Can sometimes feel like a bit of a corporate giant
7112,None.. but the initial technical certification process was initially a shock to the system.
7117,"Salesforce is huge. Where one department flourish, other can be in despair. Your manager can travel to other offices and spend 15k per trip, where you would find it difficult to get £400 conference ticket approved. Promotions are highly political and not clear. They rarely promote from within and happy to place a friend on a top position. Standard salary early rise is 3%. Bonus 10%, (not sales). Every year they overspend general expenses budget and enforce a lockdown. That affects ability to visit head office and communicate with key colleagues."
7125,"Location, Food, Frequent wrong payment"
7135,So much to learn but it's worth the effort.
7138,"it's a grind, not a typical 9-5 job"
7152,Make to do day and night even stay at office sometimes.
7153,Having to physically go to the office every day.
7161,Remote employees have to work harder to stay engaged
7163,Lots of pressure in sales (which is normal) but sometimes the pressure is unreasonable (which should not be the case). Perks and amount of paid leave are under industry standard.
7165,Management and people who were assigned to be managers but have no business to manage people.
7170,"targets it is impossible to have good work/life balance overwhelming office - open desk policy is nice, but there is lack of desks"
7181,"- Dublin office feels like a neglected outpost (Hint: The CEO has never visited this office in the past 5 years!) The office space is an embarrassment for a company of this caliber) - Notoriously understaffed training organisation - Managers overwhelmed, support functions understaffed or have other priorities"
7186,long working hour and terrible client
7194,Work can be rather generic at times
7197,some processes are still adapting to the current scale of the company
7203,Relatively low salary as opposed to other tech companies. Badly organized training phase.
7225,Massive growth in a short space of time without little thought to support functions
7227,1) The company can do well to look beyond a particular company for hiring resources
7234,Public Cloud Adoption : complexity the sales process.
7267,Ability to work under pressure
7275,"Some internal politics at higher levels made for useless and time-wasting discussions around KPIs that did not matter for the company overall, such as 'call connects' (quality of calls) or which AE got to write the opportunity to his/her name (due to country differences). Weird, since in the end we all work to move the same company forward. Also, we were quite clearly promised promotion within max 14 months. This is now 18 months due to lack of open positions."
7277,sales quota are challenging - really depending on the territory (especially for large accounts)
7281,Canadian salaries lag US employees significantly Some roles might have a ceiling if not willing to travel a lot or move to HQ
7292,- Hard work if you're lazy
7295,Salaries are slightly better in other companies.
7304,"Some of the guidance in design is a little too generic, we should be allowed to own our local identity within the office design"
7309,"Control from HQ, needs to decentralise."
7317,"-Fellow sales people act like children -Very pompous attitude of most people that work there -backstabbing mentality -your success there is defined by your patch -lots of internal politics and sucking up involved -Very deceiving to customers, will say anything and do anything to get the deal done. Testament to that is the insane amount of customer satisfaction issues you have to deal with while there"
7322,- First year starting salary quite low
7336,The instructions for final presentation were not aligned with interviewers expectation which resulted in me being hired one level lower
7340,"really fast pace, long or unusual work hours due to high demands on the business"
7342,High-Pressure Environment Management from dashboards Self-Training
7343,- overall structure and strategy not visible - no teamwork from Management to employees in stressful times - very long response time from management - flaky decision making - no decision making possible from the team. Management always wants to decide everything
7348,Nothing as such in my tenure.
7349,"Since I am going to work from now, I do not know the disadvantages of the company."
7352,"high pressure, tight due date"
7356,"Very little interaction between business units makes for 'villages' in the main office. Lots of pressure on sales roles. More focus on sales than technology. Not being 'customer first'. Not a clear career progression path. Seemed to be much more about who you know than acting as a meritocracy. More effort should be put into making Salesforce a great place to work than there is making Salesforce *look like* a great place to work. Glossy brochures don't make up for the fact that you can't view payslips online. But the single worst part of working for Salesforce is the lack of an engaged HR department. So-called ""Employee Success"" are distant, hard to reach and ultimately unhelpful. From out of date processes (including faxes!) to archaic procedures and the simple fact that they don't engage on Chatter (the company's primary collaboration tool) at all. They hide behind group emails and a poorly implemented ticketing system."
7370,"A lot of work! You are driven by the fat that it is something you believe in, so sometimes hard to take advantage of the perks."
7380,always on culture and high pressure cascasdes down from higher management. good holiday (23 days) but you feel like you cant take it
7389,No Ohana Culture in India Office Lack of Managerial Skills in Seniors
7390,"Marketing marketing marketing. The company endlessly trumpets its supposed wonderfulness to the point where it feels like working in an endless commercial. There seems to be a huge push to constantly market the company both externally *and* internally; having the 'culture' shoved down our throats constantly. The company seems to spend an awful lot of money on fluffy extras (like pillows for all employees to put their mobile phones on at their desks, and professionally produced promotional videos for internal-only items) whilst asking employees not to use Roaming Data whilst abroad on business, and only allowing VPs to fly comfortably (some are more equal than others in this Ohana). PR touts Salesforce as a cutting edge company, but back-office systems are ancient and technology stacks are not integrated after years - there is a big disconnect between PR and reality, but the 'Ohana' papers over the cracks. Every All Hands address starts with 10 minutes of pom-pom waving cheerleading about how amazing we are. It gets tiresome."
7391,Delivery of projects is still old school with SI's not as innovative as SFDC.
7401,"- Depending on your role, your manager might not support the VTO during work hours - Depending on your role, you might not have any male salaries to compare against - The company and larger industry is still male-dominated, and you will still come up against entrenched sexism, this isn't utopia - ""Drinking from the fire hydrant"" is the work load. You either step up or leave during probation. If you do step up, you will reach your limit, then be overloaded again. If you're a workaholic and can balance that in a healthy way, great, but SFDC plays lip service to work-life balance in many departments. The work-life balance is often achieved through working from home while your family is asleep. - 99% of opportunities outside of the USA are sales-focussed"
7409,"Rapid growth leading to short notice change and seems to leading be a rumour heavy organisation. Offices bursting at the seams due to relentless hiring. Desk shortages for hot deskers, insufficient parking facilities for those who have to drive (Dublin has poor public transport infrastructure)."
7420,Challenging for internal promotions over external
7423,Working is bad See you later
7426,"Sometimes cannot control the schedule by myself, just depends on Account Executives who work together. Not really technical oriented - some people even can’t read code, or hesitate to. Not sure the product is really unique or not, there are many alternatives, and many clients have to customize the feature they need independently."
7438,Pay is not competitive enough
7439,Stingy with giving out stock
7445,"Sometimes cannot control the schedule by myself, just depends on Account Executives who work together. Not really technical oriented - some people even can’t read code, or hesitate to. Not sure the product is really unique or not, there are many alternatives, and many clients have to customize the feature they need independently."
7446,- Below market rate salaries - Different leadership philosophies in APAC vs HQ in NA which can result in a boiler room culture for AEs - Oracle 2.0 (a positive or negative depending on your preferences) - Growth-led hiring resulted in a lowered bar when hiring (resulting in very high turnover across the business)
7463,N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
7498,- Company getting large - a little bit of red tape but mostly not a problem.
7500,field work and u have to go out of station every month
7501,"Definitely one of the worst decisions of my life. You’d expect a company like Salesforce to have a smooth process. But here’s the real story- My onboarding and interview was an absolute nightmare. This was my dream company, so obviously when I received an offer from them, I accepted it, even if it meant taking a huge pay cut. These guys would leverage Salesforce US culture into talking you down for salaries but would say shamelessly that Salesforce has a transparent pay scale. When I entered the company, I found out that I was the least paid employee in the team. Anyhoo, I accepted the offer and it was their turn to send laptop and other peripherals. Well they didn’t, their procurement team never replied, not on slack, not on calls, not anywhere and I had to bring senior management into this. Well after 15 days of joining, I had received the laptop but mind you even though you don’t have your company phone or company laptop, they’ll start evaluating your performance from day 1, because dude you are in Business Development. So you gotta be an Einstien and a God maybe to do 500 billion things at one time and managers even then would find a way to complain. They expect us to work for 10 hours every day, attend useless meetings, and work like a machine without taking a breath. And they’ll preach about the helping culture of Salesforce, lol. The AEs don’t respond on time, hell even the managers themselves don’t respond until you ping them again and again. And they want us to feel gratitude for the company bevause it pays salary. They have 0 empathy for their employees, they turn deaf ear to our problems. I am suffocating here but I can’t teach out to anyone because guess what everyone is the same. This is a typical employee exploiting company which has created a bubble of a good work culture. PS- this is just for India. I have some friends in the US team of Salesforce and they are having their best time."
7505,no constant work from home
7507,Vacation time starts at 3 weeks
7516,Vacation time starts at 3 weeks
7519,The only con is overwork. It is an excellent company.
7521,"Internal hire/promotions make less than external hires. Could be a big difference (Over 100k base - with accelerators/spiffs/bonuses it's worth over 300k difference in pay) Company is getting very big. The young start up, fast pace, and youthful vibe is gone. Lots of people from Oracle and white hair running the company. There are cliques. Usually between internal and external hires. Some management within Enterprise space power trip. Have massive egos. (Not all are like this as some are incredibly humble and well respected)"
7528,- Career development - No Working from Everywhere policies
7536,"Probably too much work, a lot of communications messages"
7540,Japanese organizations are growing larger and there is the usual foot dragging that is common in Japanese companies.
7550,"Highly manager dependant. Especially when coming from a non tech background or from outside the company. Often new managers are poor and take a couple of team cycles to learn the role and until then tend to be dashboard refreshers and somewhat micro manage. This leads to stagnation of people's career and development plans due to the lack of communication, poor expectation setting and focusing solely on the sales target. Current comp plan (2020-2022) is not compartive to the market and is €20-€25k undervaluing your employees. Business Development Representatives are earning more than the majority of ESB and SMB Executives."
7554,Not may interesting projects on Dublin
7559,"Salary is under the tech industry avg in Ireland. Left after two years, I feel like the whole environment became much more hostile towards employees. At the beginning there was more learning space, career advancement expectations and good management, but I think the company lost track of the value of the employees lately and they are experiencing high attrition rates as a consequence. No space to express opinions and suggest improvements, some markets are restructured and there is no easiness of communication. Most of the colleagues who started with me left for better opportunities in terms of salary and benefit. HR is very slow at replying and they closed the main Public (internal) channel of communication- I guess because there were too many complaints to take care of. Management is often disorganized and issues are solved slowly if ever, resulting in frustration for the employees and possibly financial and work balance consequences. Satisfaction surveys are often handled out but results are not taken into account- or at least that’s what seems like. Some teams were asked to disclose if they undertake interviews with other companies. No clear vision to go back to office and giving reassurance to teams."
7570,"Getting a bit too big, not flexible on remote work"
7577,tech stack is pretty old
7584,Starting to fall behind in terms of base compensation in this competitive market
7591,"Target driven environment, very stressful, worked outside office hours often. Whenever you would have holidays it was difficult to relax, always thinking that you would get behind on your sales targets."
7598,Some time order maybe late
7617,Salary More defined process building up
7619,"Too much bureaucracy, corporate processes"
7620,Update need Don't waste time Is this rating needed If good its good Boring
7628,Some management focus on technical side with no time for people management
7629,Work like balance Partiality Practice what you preach
7630,"Bad Managment, micro managing, don't really care but employees as their company values."
7631,Traffic Problem. Payment Cut. Less Orders. Dangerous job at night.
7633,It's really hard to level up from a level 2 position. You'll need to work really hard to prove your work worth if you want to reach a level 3-4 and on.
7638,Hard work but definitely worth it.
7640,mean boss little vacations terrible coffee
7664,- Below market rate salaries - Different leadership philosophies in APAC vs HQ in NA which can result in a boiler room culture for AEs - Oracle 2.0 (a positive or negative depending on your preferences) - Growth-led hiring resulted in a lowered bar when hiring (resulting in very high turnover across the business)
7669,The pay isn't competitive as it other firms
7679,"Nothing much to specify in terms of benefits, there are few issues interms of tech stack used but that could be the case of almost every established organisation"
7680,Pay is below industry standards
7683,A huge company makes it harder/longer to change processes
7693,-No time to enjoy the perks -Lots of pressure from management who don’t take the time to figure out why teams aren’t performing -Poor work like balance -Poor support from management -Employee surveys are not anonymous
7696,"A little bit overloaded with work, but better to have too much work, than not enough. Also need to get certifications which is very difficult when you're working full-time."
7700,The management can be a bit strict with PTO
7707,Parking is a monthly cost in ATL- that’s all I can think of!
7713,"Poor middle management, managers need to be trained, sorely lacks diversity although posters show otherwise. Sadly another tech company run by white and Indian men and white women."
7727,The sales side of things can be hyper-politicized at times. We're a high-performing sales team with big quotas and big goals; with that comes big egos.
7730,Acquisitions have started to spread positions thin but hiring is ongoing.
7739,"Not many - it can be slightly serious at times but for a high growth company, that's not a surprise."
7742,"- Pace: simply put, the frenetic company growth is unsustainable. At its peak, think of back-to-back 80 hour weeks, juggling 6 tasks at once, back-to-back meetings & calls to get the job done properly. Annual quotas that continue to go up isn't something that go on forever, right? - Management: The company is growing so fast, first-line managers are going to be the weakness that cripples this company. Not saying there aren't good managers, but there are a lot of bad ones. To fill the void, Salesforce hires externally (i.e. Oracle) who brings their less-than-desirable practice into Salesforce. Lack of homegrown leadership is the company's biggest weakness, by far - Customers get tired: We all hear our customers are tired of getting ""nickled & dimed to death"" because we keep on coming out with new features, new acquisitions, new bundles that cost ""only $xx more per user/month""."
7745,"There's zero work/life balance if you're in Services. You are expected to be ""on call"" all hours of the evening, work long hours during the day/week, and forget having any extracurricular activities or spending time with your family. You cannot ""check out"" and it's not a healthy lifestyle. Don't challenge senior leadership on department practices, ways to foster change, or steer from the majority opinion because you will pay for it in performance reviews even though they state in your interview that they love new ideas that change the way they operate. When you add up the hours you actually work during the week, you are significantly underpaid!"
7751,Pay is low compared to other companies
7752,"BUT... The three T's applies here... Territory, Timing and Talent. Salesforce deliberately assign miniature territories and switch them up annually. It forces reps to be hungry, desperate even when you only have a year to close the account. Heaven forbid one of the two accounts that you are assigned goes bankrupt/is acquired/has a spending freeze that year... you're going to sit on the sidelines for a year and hope that you get a decent account the following year in the 'Carve'. If that doesn't work out... you're gone. I've seen literally dozens of top performers getting turfed due to this circumstance. Sales is a rough game sometimes and it's brutal at Saleforce. Great place to work but be careful and do your homework before signing on with them."
7756,"- Work life balance is terrible - They took the alcohol away because they hire alcoholics - Everything is a snowflake and not scalable (they will eventually figure this out and it will hurt when it matters) - Incompetent management (mid and senior level - how are these people getting hired/promoted?) - Too much management so nothing actually gets done - CAB/change management is incompetent - Dev does not seem to know how to make their products stable or supportable - Infrastructure does not seem to know how to make their environments stable - Meetings (let's have a meeting about a meeting and we will schedule a meeting to discuss the meeting) - Internal Salesforce recruiting/hiring is worthless - Indy Tower move provides no benefit to employees and worsens work life balance - Commute worse now since the move to the ivory tower - Pay for your own parking (penalized for not living in the city) - No real room for growth within Marketing Cloud for SREs - Worst career decision I have made from a skill set perspective (no marketable skill set growth outside of the company) - Company liberal agenda constantly shoved down your throat - Employees placed into a silo - Mandatory holiday work for Marketing Cloud so other companies can send more spam to people who do not want it - SRE team mandatory weekly on call rotation recently went from 4 weeks/year to 15 weeks/year (yes, seriously, and that is the main reason I quit Salesforce for a real #dreamjob elsewhere) - The company itself provides no real benefit to society so they allow employees to volunteer to feel fulfilled on the inside but really it is thinly veiled attempt at marketing and promotion of the company - Stressful workplace - Job titles are made up - Open office concept is detrimental to productivity and health in general - Cult feeling with all the internal lingo - Ridiculous amount of money spent on unnecessary things but then they take away the small amount of money they contributed to parking costs which is a necessity - Giant corporation now... culture cannot keep up with acquisitions. News flash: people are different in different parts of the country and the rest of the world. Company needs to just admit they are the same as other giant corporations. - No longer feels like a innovative/entrepreneurial/start-up company (Now we just buy those kinds of companies, even if it doesn't make sense. I'm looking at you Quip.) - The company has never told a customer no, even when they needed to do so and the company is feeling it - Company seems to reward bad client behavior instead of correcting it - I am tired of typing but there are definitely more cons than pros"
7760,"Sort of bizarre workplace environment & culture. I didn't see much in the way of manager training or ensuring that the right ICs were promoted to people manager roles. Annual reviews are in no-way transparent. You are assessed on a set of criteria that is not shared with you (either the criteria or the assessment results). My review was five minutes: ""You're doing great!"" There was no actionable feedback, stretch goals or written documentation for me to learn and grow from. Leadership in my org very often resorted to bullying and openly shared negative feedback on their own peers with their reports. Several times while working there, I lost my engineering title due to re-orgs and was told that they ""didn't want to transfer headcount,"" so was left with only limited technical work to do for long stretches. And that's my biggest complaint - at least in my org, hard and innovative work was not championed but rather avoided in pursuit of very easy and short-term goals."
7766,"Cutthroat sales floor, high visibility, no work-life balance, monthly quotas stressful, sell in Salesforce Way, very political"
7784,Salary - Not really comparable to other
7785,Surrounded by driven people can be exhausting
7786,"Wildly inflated titles. Management contains many junior ex-consultants who can’t seem to grasp how to actually get anything done other than building pretty slides. Excessively hierarchical. Unfriendly, territorial and insecure peers. Non-ironic lectures about “ohana” from hostile coworkers. First place I’ve ever worked where I get *scolded* for getting things done. Incredibly demoralizing. Unbelievably inefficient working styles, with no appetite for improvement. Management overly focused on complexifying rather than simplifying, likely due to tiny scope, inexperience and insecurity. Disorganized functions with may overlapping siloed layers and groups who duplicate effort."
7788,Hiring timeline can be subject to change
7793,Required to do trailheads every other week it seems like.
7795,lack of middle management training
7797,"Fast pace, too much going on"
7801,Advancement Switch from free parking to employee paid parking
7803,"You are truly just a number, and are very easily replaced. If you aren't a favorite of upper management (which is based solely on the number of hires you make a quarter, and nothing else whatsoever), you cannot succeed here. Salesforce claims to be the best company to work for, and from a birds eye view it is. But what they don't tell you about is the amount of politics, favoritism, back-stabbing, and lack of empathy from management and above."
7807,No cons. This is the one 1. Commuting. Not many commuting options to Palo Alto facility.
7808,"Entrepreneurial, ie., Lots of do-it-yourself administrative work with little administrative assistance."
7809,- Some major technical debt. It's been acknowledged and work is being done to reduce it - which is more than what most places can say - but no enough. -Leave policy for most levels involves accruing days off and is kinda terrible.
7817,"Spend, spend, spend but not on employees"
7832,the pay was relally bad
7836,"Sort of bizarre workplace environment & culture. I didn't see much in the way of manager training or ensuring that the right ICs were promoted to people manager roles. Annual reviews are in no-way transparent. You are assessed on a set of criteria that is not shared with you (either the criteria or the assessment results). My review was five minutes: ""You're doing great!"" There was no actionable feedback, stretch goals or written documentation for me to learn and grow from. Leadership in my org very often resorted to bullying and openly shared negative feedback on their own peers with their reports. Several times while working there, I lost my engineering title due to re-orgs and was told that they ""didn't want to transfer headcount,"" so was left with only limited technical work to do for long stretches. And that's my biggest complaint - at least in my org, hard and innovative work was not championed but rather avoided in pursuit of very easy and short-term goals."
7838,"Constant growth cuts in to resourcing to do the work already present, i.e. company wide travel bans. Some business functions are awash in money and people; others are thread-bare, with no discernable difference in impact or “importance to making money” Pay is below industry peers"
7839,Slowness Politics and Middle Management Lack of stock refreshers.
7842,- High quotas to hit - Growing quickly
7843,"- Pace: simply put, the frenetic company growth is unsustainable. At its peak, think of back-to-back 80 hour weeks, juggling 6 tasks at once, back-to-back meetings & calls to get the job done properly. Annual quotas that continue to go up isn't something that go on forever, right? - Management: The company is growing so fast, first-line managers are going to be the weakness that cripples this company. Not saying there aren't good managers, but there are a lot of bad ones. To fill the void, Salesforce hires externally (i.e. Oracle) who brings their less-than-desirable practice into Salesforce. Lack of homegrown leadership is the company's biggest weakness, by far - Customers get tired: We all hear our customers are tired of getting ""nickled & dimed to death"" because we keep on coming out with new features, new acquisitions, new bundles that cost ""only $xx more per user/month""."
7844,Employees can get lost in rapid growth scenario
7845,Structure of the company is confusing to understand or find out more about.
7847,Accounts and territories not always evenly distributed Could match a higher rate for 401K and Dental insurance so-so
7855,"Productivity over people, stressful sometimes"
7859,IT could reduce the number of communication tools.
7878,"BUT... The three T's applies here... Territory, Timing and Talent. Salesforce deliberately assign miniature territories and switch them up annually. It forces reps to be hungry, desperate even when you only have a year to close the account. Heaven forbid one of the two accounts that you are assigned goes bankrupt/is acquired/has a spending freeze that year... you're going to sit on the sidelines for a year and hope that you get a decent account the following year in the 'Carve'. If that doesn't work out... you're gone. I've seen literally dozens of top performers getting turfed due to this circumstance. Sales is a rough game sometimes and it's brutal at Saleforce. Great place to work but be careful and do your homework before signing on with them."
7880,"big company, bottom down management"
7890,"Typical big company issues - bureaucracy, some politics."
7892,"Lots of good people are leaving in droves, Salesforce has become the epitome of corporate bureaucracy when it comes to process killing innovation, product has many dated aspects and is not innovating to be truly competitive in the space, the bean counters are taking over with layoffs and consolidations being labeled as efficiencies or things that are ""best for the business"", roadmaps and direction shift constantly, product managers and their teams are sometimes left to work from their own roadmaps until ""grand plans"" are solidified and communicated down"
7893,"Where do I begin.... *pay is a joke compared to other large SaaS and tech companies. Even if you hit quota, which by the way barely happens. Please, please, please, don’t believe the hype. Less than 20 % of the people hit quota. I think in GRB it’s less than 10% for 2017. Regardless it’s a joke. I’ve worked at other tech companies and I’ve never seem anything so pathetic. *terrible middle management, I mean terrible. Keep in mind this review is coming from someone who was cosidered realtively succssful, and still think this place is a joke. Anyways, I digress.... Middle management for the most part is made up of people who lack leadership skills, talent, experience. It’s actually joke. It’s like a weird cesspool of account executives being promoted to management. One day theyre your peer, the next day, they’re your superior. Not saying they’re racist or anything, but holy hell, talk about 95% Caucasians Being promoted into these roles. Overall, management (based on my experience, observations, talking to peers,etc) literally brings NO value. They just sit at their computer and run reports, show up late to customer meetings, sit awkwardly/quietly in a conference room during a customer call, but during 1on1s (these are also frequent, redundant, waste of time), they offer to sit in on calls/meetings as if They are providing value. If you’re one of the unfortunate suckers/victims to work for Salesforce please please please understand, your entire success, compensation, will be 99% based on the territory handed to you. That’s it point blank. All the other BS, is Just that BS. Run a few reports and you’ll see the top performs get most of their ACV from organic aka gimmes or flips aka warm leads handed to them by the inside biz dev team. Team. Yes, working hard and doing everything the right way (by the book) will give you a very slight edge, but if you’re not handed a fruitful territory you WILL NOT hit quota or make money. Pleeeeasse, please take this as the truth. Again, I was a top 10-20% person, and I’m leaving this review. I could go on and on, but I’ll end it with this. If you’re an experienced sales professional, do NOT work here. You will regret it and regret it fast. If you’re a developer/coder then Salesforce might be a legit landing spot, otherwise look elsewhere."
7902,account assignments are changed every fiscal year so by the luck of the draw you could end up with a good or a bad set of accounts.
7905,Too much manual tracking of data
7907,pay - monthly quota stress - nothing really
7908,"Mascots can be a bit cheesy, but lightens the mood"
7912,managers micromanage the work assigned
7916,Code development infrastructure more immature than it needs to be.
7921,"- Management can be awful and unregulated. Discrimination occurs and they say it wasn’t intentional so it’s okay - Keep your head down and mouth shut. Aim to fly under the radar, and stay middle of the pack. If you over perform you may be punished just as much if not worse than if you under perform - overworked and underpaid. Do not expect work life balance. - Claim they pay hourly including overtime, but management often caps hour submission at a certain level. Therefore, don’t expect to get paid for all the hours you actually work. - don’t anticipate management to help or coach you - culture seems very dependent on your location, rely on culture reviews accordingly. - Big push for monthly quotas, yet told by tenure employees almost 60% of business done in the last quarter. Set expectations wisely."
7926,Low Salary and difficult to grow in career.
7930,"-Department/Teams can change development priorities quite suddenly depending on market need. While this is probably necessary, it can be a bit jarring."
7938,"Comp is 50/50 salary vs commission, monthly cadence of sales can be stressful. Very high pressure job."
7944,Meetings can be a bit tedious
7946,"Email overload; more so than other big companies. Lots of technical debt, though appears to be renewed interest in paying down."
7959,"- Large amounts of reorgs can cause some whiplash and lack of cohesive work - Some legacy products - Some engineering teams have it way worse than others (in terms of WLB, On Call Schedule, Client Complaints etc)"
7961,"- Every year Marc and Keith think it's ok to slash our pay and make it difficult to make any money. - 10% of AE's hit their annual number and OTE at SB and GRB segments - No enablement - Hire to many externals that have ZERO clue how to run an evaluation clogging up the promotional timeline for internal employees trying to advance. - Lowest Salary and Compensation in the market - even though we have the most expensive product - Keith Block is turning Salesforce into Oracle and culture and talent is fiercely diminishing. - No one is happy besides Upper Level Management - People go into management for wrong reasons (maternity leave so they can get 80% of OTE and be out office for 6-8 months providing no value to team and having no pressure of individual quota) - Marc uses Salesforce as a platform to promote his ridiculous political beliefs alienating all republican employees. - 50K base salary - Sales Ops and Finance dont pay people on time....EVER.. takes month for you're pay to reflect your title in Xactly. - Cant log the amount of hours you work because ""You should be able to get your job done working only 40 hrs"" They dont want to pay us. - They pay us like dogs and expect the world from us - Every year your territory shrinks, Quota's go up...Managment response is since we acquired more companies, new products should make up for added quota. - Internal recruiters do absolutely nothing to get anyone internally promoted (still unsure what they do all day) - Did I mention we only make 50K base?!!"
7963,"No work life balance Capped on hours you can log Constantly told you can't travel during business hours but also cannot log those hours traveling (illegal?) Management will mock you for giving feedback even if they say it's ""anonymous"" No negotiation power Highly underpaid when comparing to the competition Entire sales team is under quota over 50% of the months"
7965,"On a recent survey, two of the lowest scoring questions revolve around people politicking and backstabbing to get things done and the lowest score company wide was promotions are handled in a fair and transparent way. The promotion question has been a bottom 5 scoring question for 2 years now. I have witnessed people promoted either for unfair reasons or because threatening to leave. They pass off a promotion as someone being promoted when in all actuality they applied to an internal job posting and were hired, that’s not really a promotion. The answer to fixing this is not more documentation on careers. They put on a front that they value trust and transparency. They want you to be able to have difficult conversations with your manager without fear of retaliation, but I have witnessed people who speak up and are retaliated against with maybe a Performance Improvement Plan or a demotion. I sometimes feel as if managers and leaders here are talking the talk but not walking the walk when it comes to truly living by the Ohana values. There is a feeling on some teams that it is easier and less stressful not using your PTO vs using it. Tough finding and training multiple backups to handle their job and yours while out. Recently a decline in billable work that has them reassigning people to new careers. It is tough seeing work sent to vendors in India when people at Salesforce are struggling to get billable work. Bonus for some 100% based on billable work which you have no control over. Person A could have 4 accounts and 40+ billable hours, resulting in a very healthy bonus; while Person B might have 1 account and is receiving 10 hours of work, receiving a much smaller bonus. The division of labor is not fair and should be distributed more evenly. Seems a bit unfair when Salesforce gives an executive a $200,000 car and $86,000 watch as a bonus for exceptional work, when you have witnessed others do exceptional work on a smaller scale (not necessarily bringing in $8 million in Sales) and all they get is a Chatter shoutout from their manager or their name mentioned on a PowerPoint slide. I agree with another review here...it is tough dealing with a travel ban, not being able to travel to visit coworkers during a Christmas party, but the top people were all in Hawaii that year. I remember that."
7987,"bureaucratic at times, too many boxes to tick"
7988,Not good pay and benefits. HR people are liars
7998,Poor management. Lots of growing pains.
8006,*low base salaries in sales roles *saturated marketplace
8012,There are so many challenging projects to work on that it's sometimes hard to say no so you can find some work-life balance. High expectations to respond instantly even off hours.
8024,The most arrogant company I have ever worked for. Corporate does not believe in listening to the field or their customers. They will tell you every one loves them but adoption of the product is low. I gladly took a pay cut to get out of the company
8025,The monthly cadence / quota can be overwhelming for certain personalities but the reward (compensation) makes up for the stress.
8027,My job was eliminated and I was told someone would help me find a new position within the company and I had a month.. They contacted me at week 3 and nothing..... I miss Exact Targets culture and the parent company is micro managing them... A lot of shifting is going on and no one is really safe.
8028,There's nothing bad about working for this company.
8033,Stress created by micro-managing employees
8042,Too much busywork from HQ
8054,"Internal politics, maintaining internal equity, red tape"
8057,Having more seasoned management to aid with change management would make it better.
8058,Getting to be a bigger company.
8062,"It's gotten huge, a lot of folks do come from Oracle and you feel more and more like a little cog in a huge machine."
8064,"Enterprise software is not particularly exciting. Pay is good, but not exceptional. Hiring bar may be slipping a bit. Not a super ""perk-y"" company. No free lunches, etc."
8068,"Poor management. They provide very little direction and expect you to work with 100% accuracy. When there are mistakes, management points the finger to everyone else."
8075,Have all Bureaucracy a big company can have although it tries to avoid.
8080,"Nothing bad to say - great place to work. Can be a lot of work, but I like the pace."
8083,Big company politics Career growth may take some time.
8094,Hours are horrendous. The expectations are crazy. The goals and metrics are rarely clear.
8099,The Freshmen 15 is a tough way to start.
8103,"-In this position you start work at 7:00 am, but the start time changes to 8:00 in the next position up."
8109,Sr management is off offf off
8129,Salespeople churn and burn
8130,"Main cons are that it's a huge corporation and things get done sloowwwwly compared to startups and smaller companies. No matter what your role, it seems there's someone else doing the exact same thing in a different part of the company who is completely siloed from you, and it all gets very confusing. Projects take a long time to complete because a million people need to approve. Many people just don't reply to emails or show up to meetings because they're ""too busy."" Still, I think it's a 4-star workplace because you can easily do good work and get paid well without stressing yourself out too much. My work-life balance is pretty good here compared to smaller companies that are more stressful, so in that sense it's a win."
8138,It's hard to think of any! We need a barista in each remote office...? :)
8148,Sometimes the work is too much that it becomes a sweat shop
8152,"Products department has become extremely political. It's a shark tank with big battles over budget. No incentive for cross-product collaboration. Many managers only managing up while beating down their teams. Hard core HR culture from Oracle has seeped into Salesforce, so HR is purely on management's side and by no means neutral."
8155,"Politics are rampant in many groups. Management often has its hands tied when making personnel decisions and eliminating poor performers or toxic individuals. Not an engineering or design focused culture, but one that is focused more on marketing and sales. The products reflect this, as they are layered with features and customizations designed to make sales. Anyone with a design or engineering focus will find the products uninspiring."
8159,poor middle management cronyism huge culture shift and growing pains; company has become a mini-Oracle haves and have-nots in sales
8170,"long hours, no big bonuses"
8182,Paid a little less than I expected as an intern. Maybe have a base salary which is at par with other Bay Area companies.
8187,"As with any big company, the team you are on can drastically change your experience here but I am going to try to point out some of the general things. Also of note, before you read too much into the other reviews, take the time to notice how many of the 5 star reviews are can be summed up by ""great place to work but has growing pains"" or ""you get what you put in, slackers need not apply"". I will let you draw your own conclusion on why so many of these reviews sound like marketing message .... It doesnt look like ExactTarget understands that they are no longer a startup. The only people that thrive at ExactTarget are people that have no lives. 50+ hours of work a week is the norm and anyone that does less is considered a ""slacker"" as you might have seen in some of these other reviews. If you do the math, you'll realize that the decent paycheck, which is typically higher than the industry norm, ultimately falls woefully short when you look at how much you make an hour. As you work here, you come to find out that it is very much a cult mindset and you are either in or out. Job security comes from owning tribal knowledge of projects that are integrated in to the platform since documentation is apparently a running joke. There are many processes that have been implemented to ""streamline"" development but apparently the management style here is to implement ""solutions"" and ignore the results because the only thing that these processes have done is add one more point of failure to an already broken system. Contractors are treated as second class citizens. Its common knowledge. The way to get ahead is to brown nose and give up on life outside work. ET is founded on the principle that the reward for a job well done is an opportunity to do more. After the Salesforce acquisition morale and productivity have been at an all time low while frustrations and turn over have been on the other side of the scale."
8200,"I've worked in the Salesforce ecosystem for over 10 years and I'm probably going to leave. I've been working at the company less than two months--albeit as a contract employee (although my title is technically ""Agency Temp--so sad, and the reason this even matters is one of the security questions when you call Global Services (the help desk) which I had to do 9 times in my first two days because of PC problems (and I'm not kidding.) is ""What is your title?"" I'm not really a person keen on titles but ""Agency Temp"" doesn't describe my expertise or skill set and it certainly made me feel like a second class citizen. Maybe it's because I'm not a big company person. I also heard ""contractors don't get desks"" Nice. That's not legal. So buyer beware. My agency on-boarding was also horrific. My commute into the city is terrible. I love SFDC and have made my living around it. I don't want to sour on it and think I can make a bigger impact at a client. I am also surrounded by two extremes--other Agency Temps and super stars who have been there for years who stick together. In addition, my boss is remote, extremely busy and they ""sold to me"" is the dog they start everyone on which has stalled for a year and half."
8202,2017 goals are causing a lot of culture shifts Could be Oracle 2 given the amount of ex-Oracle hires since 2013
8207,"A bunch of Oracle execs were hired over the last 3 years, and they have been busy replicating the Oracle culture here. The worst changes to the company have come in at the beginning of 2015. Quality Engineering was de-prioritized across the R&D organization. Many of the QE execs have been given different roles (I am not complaining about this. To be fair, many of these so-called QE execs should be fired. Do we really need 10 VPs in Quality Engineering? QE heads are now reporting to development managers. The road ahead points to converting all teams to Engineering teams. So if you are a QE trying to get a job, look elsewhere. Do not listen to the drivel from the recruiters. QE ROLE IS ENDING AT SALESFORCE! Added to this, the conflicting priorities are ever increasing in this company. R&D is at its 3rd attempt to re-write the UI, and make it adaptive at the same time. The so-called Salesforce 1 app was a disaster. The next attempt is starting in 2015. Although there is not a lot of hope for it, many of the ""leaders"" driving this will surely make hay via promotions and stock grants."
8211,"Nothing as such,great comany.not too flexible hours"
8212,Corporate messaging changes almost every year
8220,"Little room for advancement in some of the sub-clouds, unless you worked at whatever company got acquired to create that cloud. Can be hard to move up or onto different teams of your own volition. Constant reorganizations of mid-level management make it hard to get established as a newer employee."
8221,Very subjective quota measurement based on creating opportunities - can be completely gamed by having your Account Executive tip you off to conversations they are having and then letting you enter the opportunity in
8222,There is literally nothing bad I can say. Salesforce is an amazing place to work.
8229,No Free Lunch for Engineer
8235,Nothing to complain about re this company
8239,"Micro managment, Boiler room mentality, Pipe generation is what they care about. Too many people calling on the same account. Your litterly fighting over the same customers. Can't work from home. No training offered, you have to train your self on everything. Onboarding is non excisting. High turnover in Small Business Sales. Customers are totally feedup with so many AE's calling on the same account. Salesforce does not believe in their own Ohana in smallbiz. There is no trust and managment don't care about anything but Pipe generation and sales."
8241,have to go home sometimes
8254,"The development process can be cumbersome. The build breaks very often, and grabbing one bad changelist that breaks an essential component of the build can totally nuke your productivity for a whole day. Onboarding time takes 3-6 months since there are so many moving parts and a lot of different languages involved in development. No parking at the offices in HQ since they're all in downtown San Francisco."
8261,monthly cadence on quota can be stressful
8267,It can feel like a large company at times with red tape.
8277,» Getting bigger (35k+ employees) causes some red tape
8278,Work could be overwhelming at times
8279,Can be an overwhelming amount of work to keep up with.
8290,San Francisco is expensive. Content authoring process is pretty technical.
8293,Big company Large amount of sales people
8297,Compensation can vary greatly. Too many hierarchies
8298,"FY20 Kicked off with a THUD for many Salesforce Employees who were given ZERO merit raises. HR said this was due to the enoromous growth of the company and the rebalancing of title, etc. I would expect to see a large change over once all those final FY19 checks are cashed in April."
8304,Comp plans aren’t renewed until after the new fiscal year starts which causes a month lapse in full commission payments. Feeling like you are a small fish in a very big pond.
8305,Salary is low compared to similar roles in other companies such as Mirosoft/Google unless and until its a product role. Stock bonus and cash bonus was not provided
8308,"For those of us who were former Demandware - or arrived while it was Demandware, we were hosed - SRE Leadership was promoted, salary increased, golden handcuffs, stock options (RSUs) by the boat loads, but for those of us individual contributors, NOTHING, zip, NOTHING. Just a salary with a small bonus. So, see ya! Off your experience goes to another employer who cares about their contributors."
8316,"Some processes are still painfully manual, some ""Face time"" obligations."
8327,Growth has made people feel neglected
8330,"Hierarchy bureaucracies, too many cooks in the kitchen, several people trying to do the same job."
8332,"Work load can be too much, only at certain times"
8335,Don't quit your job until everything is complete. They do things completely different than any other company that you can resign your other company and even start before everything is complete. I quit a good job and went through training at Salesforce and 30 days later they asked me about a bounced check from 22 years ago. I had a call with some random person and I honestly didn't know about this. They came back 2 days later and said my employment was ended as of that day. Turns out it was a check for $65 from 1997 when I lived in a different state but was paid and rectified. Not very Ohana like!!!!!!!!
8338,no cons to working at salesforce...worked at drchrono before and work life balance was horrendus and people were two faced and back stabbers
8344,"- Being a large company there can be decent of admin. navigation that you need to do sometimes. If you came from a larger organization this won't be any worse. There's many tools to help you. No place is perfect (I really wanted to rate 4.65 out of five but rounded up) That said, this is the best place I've worked."
8346,"SALESFORCE no cons to working here, OLD company my old job was at a sunnyvale EHR startup and they have a repressive culture, long hours, low pay and bad culture with micromanagement"
8349,* Unnecessarily complicated organization structure and processes * Complex products
8351,No downsides so far in the opast 6 months as a FTE / 2 years a contractor prior to conversion.
8359,"MY OLD COMPANY worked at a southbay ehr company before and there was no recognition for work, brainless job, brotopia, people ask dumb questions without providing what they think"
8361,"Tends to move slow in order to get things shipped. Top-level management and sales oriented culture, does not optimize for engineering."
8376,"Nothing major - Many of the instructions are 80% complete - you need to be smart and figure out the last 20% (mostly to do with fast paced, and changing processes)"
8380,* Pay is low
8387,"Routine Transformations, masssive company (30K+ employees)"
8391,"A little unorganized, turn over rate high, too much work for one person at pool, tiring, unpredictable"
8400,"There are restrictions to using the ""unlimited"" PTO. During my team's busy season (September - February), taking time off is highly discouraged. This is not necessarily bad - just know that on this team, most PTO is taken during the summer. This policy likely varies depending on the team."
8407,"Cons- there are always cons at any job... long hours, hard work... but why sign up for a job if you're not willing to put in the hours?"
8416,too many metrics for employees
8420,"No work life balance Capped on hours you can log Constantly told you can't travel during business hours but also cannot log those hours traveling (illegal?) Management will mock you for giving feedback even if they say it's ""anonymous"" No negotiation power Highly underpaid when comparing to the competition Entire sales team is under quota over 50% of the months"
8421,- Some major technical debt. It's been acknowledged and work is being done to reduce it - which is more than what most places can say - but no enough. -Leave policy for most levels involves accruing days off and is kinda terrible.
8425,"Every-day, the company moves away from it's small, entrepreneurial spirit and towards the a structure similar to Oracle. It's not too bad, and some things are necessary to continue such enormous growth but it would be nice to see them blaze their own trail instead of completely following Oracle's blue-print"
8427,No PetForce in NYC office :(
8435,"As I’ve only just started all of my comments are about first impressions, so please take that into consideration. I have gotten the feeling that the company has grown so fast it is suffering from some growing pains. By all means a good problem to have, but it means process workflows can be a bit clunky."
8443,"There are some things that happen when you grow too quickly, some structure has been lacking but at least it is always acknowledged and worked on. For example, it took them a while to fine tune some the HR applications that we use internally."
8459,Motivation to do more is sometimes lacking for the department
8460,extremely sales and quota driven
8463,Not as flexible to work from home in my role.
8473,"- If you come from an acquisition, Salesforce isn’t going to pay you as well as they pay their internal employees. Even if you are doing the same exact job as someone inside Salesforce, you will probably be making significantly less than what a core employee will be making. It was extremely frustrating and completely demeaning to hear all the hype and news about how Salesforce employees are so happy with their compensation and how Salesforce is making strides towards equal pay. Apparently, acquired company employees are not part of that equation and we do not hold as much value and shouldn’t be treated as equals…ridiculous. I asked for a compensation change in order to match or even come close to the pay of my peers within the Salesforce organization but was told that Salesforce does not have enough internal data to justify a compensation change. Essentially, there was no proof at Salesforce that I was worth a compensation change. This blew my mind because when you first hire someone, you have no proof internally that they are worth the salary that you are going to pay them. What you do instead is evaluate their past experiences and then you determine what is fair pay based on their experiences, skills, and the job that they are doing. You have no internal data or proof in that situation. If you acquire a company, yes, you have no Salesforce data to prove that an employee is worth a certain salary but you acquired a product that you clearly thought had value and the people who helped to create that product are not worth a compensation change because you don't have enough data? I had been working for the acquired company for almost a year, but all of that was meaningless because if you're acquired, it seems like you're not truly a ""Salesforce employee"" and being paid fairly is not something that applies to you. - Our entire acquisition process was a complete mess. My team and I essentially had to operate “as normal” which was completely impossible given that all of our management and the rest of the company were trying to figure out the acquisition themselves. We were lost in the transition, did not have managers for quite some time, and were essentially left to fend for ourselves for the better part of 4 months. It didn’t seem like the M&A team knew what to do with us and had forgotten we existed. - During the acquisition process, we were told that there would be tons of opportunities within the Salesforce organization but once we were in the Salesforce organization, in reality, there were no opportunities. We contacted departments and teams we were interested in and were repeatedly told that they were not hiring or that you needed XYZ experiences that none of us had. We had no choice in what department or role we were assigned. A role was thrown on us, whether we liked it or not, with no other presented opportunities. - My team and I were expected to hit ridiculous numbers as soon as we were acquired despite the fact that we were not fully integrated, did not receive the goal numbers until halfway through a quarter, and still had to facilitate the entire merging of all our systems with Salesforce's systems. We received very little support from the core Salesforce organization and were treated as if we were incompetent because we could not hit these numbers. It seemed like my team and I were being set up for failure so that the core team had a reason to get rid of us once we did not hit a specific goal."
8481,Higher RSU compensation and tuition reimbursement raised to beyond 5250 are two things that could be better
8482,"Parking, parking, parking, parking, parking"
8485,The company has grown so quickly that often the left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing which may create overlap in activities which reduces efficiency.
8492,Usual litany of terrible Sales Managers and VPs
8495,Interview process can take a long time
8497,Less pay than the competition
8503,"tough targets, sometimes overwhelming workload"
8510,"Mioner politicking ,micro managment ,sometims worklife balance questionable"
8515,Corporate structure Everybody has to go to Dublin
8519,"- Internal politics sometimes, especially in getting promoted - High expectations and emphasis on hitting quota every month"
8524,Bad tech in some of the teams working on the core product. Bad tooling and process in some teams
8531,"If you agree to special projects your career may stagnate rather than grow. The newish job definitions created transparency, but don't always benefit the employee or the company when something outside of the box is needed. A PM working on a new product that will take a multi-year effort does not meet the requirements for their job or promotion because everything is based on an existing product and working with Scrum teams. Taking that big bet stretch assignment will bench you career-wise."
8535,"Huge company with lots of red tape. Keeps employees busy with internal requests, internal meetings and consumes selling time."
8536,Everything negative feels derivative of poor management practices. No career growth for individual contributors.
8541,"Internal hire/promotions make less than external hires. Could be a big difference (Over 100k base - with accelerators/spiffs/bonuses it's worth over 300k difference in pay) Company is getting very big. The young start up, fast pace, and youthful vibe is gone. Lots of people from Oracle and white hair running the company. There are cliques. Usually between internal and external hires. Some management within Enterprise space power trip. Have massive egos. (Not all are like this as some are incredibly humble and well respected)"
8546,JFDI from San Fransisco. Little option to innovate in role. Very little cross-departmental career growth
8547,Base salaries could be better
8552,"The company is large, so it can take a while to network effectively internally."
8556,It getting money from selecting customer
8562,Too many management layers resulting in micromanagement Targets are way too challenging Work-life balance is off Very American legal procedures when dealing with EU customers Internal processes are a mess A lot of metrics in tracking AE activity
8573,Slow career growth Less pay if staying more than 3 years
8579,salary promotion aa aa word change opportunity
8583,Small territories - either you get a great patch or a bad patch Tough sales metrics - volume of calls/opportunities created/closed business
8584,"Big company, easy to become invisible."
8606,Low salary but good work
8609,-Very poor work-life balance especially for senior members in India. -We cannot really switch off from work in the evening due to the evening calls to cater to the Pacific time zone. -Lot of dependency on US teams. -Monolithic architecture -Too many processes that can slow us down.
8627,"Development of break,no communication,small salary."
8629,Small territories - either you get a great patch or a bad patch Tough sales metrics - volume of calls/opportunities created/closed business
8634,"Micromanagement in biz dev, long promotion period"
8639,- Heavy internals process - Employees turnover - Huge target
8640,"What they're doing is working at a business level. The company is a rocket ship, still. But it's at the expense of its people. Below are a few of the cons I find most frustrating. - Micro Management on an extreme scale. I joined just before the pandemic and it has gotten continually worse since being forced to work from home. You don't feel trusted. - Unrealistic workloads. - Encouraged to manage your work life balance but chastised if you actually do it. I've been scolded for having my car serviced at 2pm, or taking annual leave at a quarter cut off to celebrate a birthday. - Meetings for meetings sake burning precious time. - Saturated account sets. Prospects get bombarded continually from all angles of Salesforce and have been for over a decade. - Lead generation is down to you. You have to be BDR, AE and even SE on some opportunities, unless you're in the enterprise/strategic accounts. I have not had more than 3 leads passed to me in almost 18 months. - Always an ""urgent"" action that needs to be taken. Often which is not directly impacting your ability to engage with clients."
8644,no salary increase when you move to sdr
8649,Sometimes there might be boring work but I guess this is true for most of the companies.
8652,Stress High pressure No work life balance
8654,"A lot of organisational politics in management, too many sales managers, directors and VPs, very top heavy."
8658,An implicit pecking order means that there are a backlog of talented people waiting for promotions.
8664,"monthly quotas, kind of hard during pandemic"
8667,Costly Customizations and Add-Ons. ... Limited Technical Support. ... Time-Consuming Setup
8671,long hours may be needed
8676,Sales investment could be slightly stressful
8678,They have limited sick leave
8684,Can be very stressful. You go to bed thinking of work and wake up thinking of work. Difficult to make your number. Initiatives like sales bingo used to motivate employees An unnecessary amount of internal learning (tick the box exercises)
8706,"Getting very big, too corporate"
8712,The main con is the location in Dublin. Not an interesting city with not much to do
8736,Nothing at all. They are doing very well in the Industry.
8746,"1) No transparency in performance management and probation confirmation 2) Manager behaves like fief and can do whatever he wants so you are screwed if you don't get a new manager 3) Most employees are hired from Oracle and are creating same toxic environment that exits there filled with insecurities, jealousy and mismanagement 4) HR is a handicapped mute spectator and works for the sake of keeping their jobs 5) Shifts hardship allowances were recently restructured to cut cost"
8751,Little growth in the finance organisation as activities being moved elsewhere to COEs Lots of politics and departments working in silos
8755,With large hierarchy structure Managers cannot support employees to their 100%
8758,"Equality (Pun intended): IN spite of one of the core values of the company being Equality, the organization is RIFE with inequality. It first starts with who gets a seat at work. A company that boasts of technology and how they help businesses, they have no idea of what their growth is or will be. The tech teams grow inorganically leaving all the other teams to cram into rooms. There is clear discrimination right from senior leadership on who gets a seat and who does not. Tech teams are treated like kings and no one ( including the CTO)has the power to change their minds. There is a very heavy tone of ""ENTITLEMENT"" when any one approaches these tech teams or in discussions with them , something the company is very proud of. Even the facility team listens to what the leaders have to say and implement them. The Internal communication board even has a forum for people to vent, that is a great place for humor, with people complaining about the flavor of yogurt served in the fridge and many more trivial things.This (in)equality is not just limited to seating options but to pay, travel benefits and how they are treated by the infamous HRBP's ( or the human resources) They too clearly are unequal to teams, paying full attention to Tech teams and quite clearly ignoring smaller teams. I have met my ESBP twice till now ( official meetings) in my entire tenure as they are too busy taking care of the bigger teams. And who is there to ask them or question them, no one!! They seem to be the busiest team in the office while none of them are visible in the office post 4PM, imagine now when it is virtual. Talk about an easy job in Salesforce. Then there is a great term that they keep using ""OHANA"" like from an episode of Black Mirror they want to make sure you get sucked in to the idea of ,while the company really does not care. BTW that means' Family"" in Hawaiian, while no one is treated like one. Just giving people a lot of cupcakes and goodies( SWAG as they call it) is only marketing their company and the employees lap it up like puppies with a new chew toy. This is what the company's idea of a family is, give them stuff that is absolutely unnecessary and make them feel like they get ""SO MUCH"". Employees need to be bribed to fill up surveys, because well they don't do anything without a ""gift"". Any one who is planning to work for this organization should be particular about their ethics policies, which is an absolute joke.I am aware of some employees who were victims of this team, they either did not get justice for their complaint or were terminated for wrong decisions. I wish I had that kind of job where I can decide peoples' fates based on whims and fancies and no one to answer to. I strongly believe they have monthly targets to get people off the rolls! I know the HR team will scramble and get this review off this platform in an instant ( BTW one of the other values of the company is transparency). India offices are filled with wrong leaders and sadly nothing from the above will change."
8761,has bad airconditioning and hierarchy
8771,"high targets, smaller patches, t"
8772,Monthly quotas can be a source of stress
8775,Some tries to hand over their tasks
8779,"1) No transparency in performance management and probation confirmation 2) Manager behaves like fief and can do whatever he wants so you are screwed if you don't get a new manager 3) Most employees are hired from Oracle and are creating same toxic environment that exits there filled with insecurities, jealousy and mismanagement 4) HR is a handicapped mute spectator and works for the sake of keeping their jobs 5) Shifts hardship allowances were recently restructured to cut cost"
8783,Monthly quotas can be a source of stress
8790,"Quarterly driven. Spreadsheet management, US marketing machine. Complex licensing model. Large."
8794,"A little biased towards promotion of south folks, as many local people are there in the company."
8797,Slow growth and less income
8809,Slow promotions process in my role
8817,dependence on tech stack and generated code
8837,"Problematic management, technically the work is not interesting"
8840,High-Speed operations Sales driven Sometimes perceived as aggressive Demandin a lot from their employees
8850,"- Favorites will get the better patches and therefore make more money - The same target for every patch in a team regardless on whether the patch is performing or not. - Promotion is dependant on you being in the team for 18 months & whether you achieve quota, which ties back into the patch you have. Bad patch = no progression."
8863,Work-life balance. High pressure to hit quotas.
8865,Nothing is bad. Hard working
8867,base salaries are low for salespeople
8874,workload can sometimes be challenging to balance
8877,"only 1 thing, infrastructure cannot accommodate the rapidly growing number of employees (hard to book meeting rooms, pantry area turned out to be a meeting area)"
8879,"Nothing to say, everything is good"
8883,"Big company, no time to apply the values they sell"
8891,my only draw back is it is very London centric but I would also say that working from home or anywhere is not a problem and completely enabled as you would expect.
8896,- no warm food by default :) - bit of a rolex mentality - disparity between internal promotions and external hires (industry standard but antiquated) - bit too much bashing of competitors sometimes (but it's fun too at times)
8900,Crazy work hours at times
8903,Improper Communication from HR team No follow-up Consulting team with candidates
8904,- Red Tape - Typical big company issues
8905,"big company, lots of people, hard to navigate sometimes"
8907,"Support teams are tiny in comparison to the sales team size, absolutely mad. If you’re new you’re 90% certain to get a terrible patch. Middle management is weak - usually people that have survived long enough. Senior management is a revolving door like football managers. Quality of SE varies wildly. Sales training is poor to non existent. Go there with a well developed sales tool kit from a BMC style company. Salesforce employees can be cultish, and it’s infuriating. Have increasingly lowered the barriers for hiring."
8909,"There is a huge difference between HQ and other regions office. Even doing the similar job, their is a huge gap for salary."
8915,Nothing till now as New joinee
8918,Job promotion is late here
8922,1) Large Corporation 2) Distance Employee Relations 3) Communication 4) Organization 5) Meetings 6) Deadlines
8928,Ramp-up period could be longer to match the on-boarding time
8930,Location is not handy but I gladly do up to 3hrs hours of commute per day just to work there.
8938,"Marketing marketing marketing. The company endlessly trumpets its supposed wonderfulness to the point where it feels like working in an endless commercial. There seems to be a huge push to constantly market the company both externally *and* internally; having the 'culture' shoved down our throats constantly. The company seems to spend an awful lot of money on fluffy extras (like pillows for all employees to put their mobile phones on at their desks, and professionally produced promotional videos for internal-only items) whilst asking employees not to use Roaming Data whilst abroad on business, and only allowing VPs to fly comfortably (some are more equal than others in this Ohana). PR touts Salesforce as a cutting edge company, but back-office systems are ancient and technology stacks are not integrated after years - there is a big disconnect between PR and reality, but the 'Ohana' papers over the cracks. Every All Hands address starts with 10 minutes of pom-pom waving cheerleading about how amazing we are. It gets tiresome."
8952,No clear career progression for younger employees
8976,Senior managers from other service based companies changing org structure
8979,Long hours to work per week
8980,"Small territories, multiple sales people on an account"
9011,"Bad management, boring work if any, don't recommend if searching for technology related job"
9029,workload can sometimes be challenging to balance
9035,Long working hours Unrealistic sales quotas
9041,Location is not handy but I gladly do up to 3hrs hours of commute per day just to work there.
9042,"-You basically can’t trust people in your own team cause they will find the way to steal your accounts and opportunities. -People are selfish and self-focused, they won’t help you unless they will get something in return. -If you are an Account Executive and you want to spend time with an SDR, you will be judged cause they hate each other (worse than a kindergarten). -No balance at all between work life and private life: you are asked to work at weekends, work at night after entire days in the office, work during bank holidays (well, bank holidays are not allowed). Allowed to take days off only in August and February. In some teams like mine you can’t even work from home. -You have to travel abroad 3/4 times per month and they want you to take flights at dawn or at night cause “you can’t lose working hours”. -One of the best values is volunteering - guess what? Underestimated and not taken for real in my team. -Managers only care about numbers, you are not a person at all. -People underestimate people working in other companies cause they feel they are the best but they are so poor and sad inside. -If people leave cause they feel bad, the other “teammates” and managers will make fun of them. -Micromanagement: your manager will expect to be cc’d in every single email you send to your customers."
9043,Long working hours Unrealistic sales quotas
9050,"- At times, the managers could be a little bit micro managing the work done - A few too many documents to be filled on a regular basis"
9053,Unclear career progression for roles outside of Sales
9054,"no worklife balance, hours busy"
9067,Dublin :) its not easy to live there
9071,No commission No in-office barista Office location
9072,Internal politics and not the best HR department
9077,Sometimes difficult to keep up with the tasks
9083,work load becomes heavy at times.
9091,Flat Learning curve after 6 months in the role
9110,Complex sales process that requires many levels of management involvement
9119,Should improve on the stock grant to the employees.
9125,Don't expect the Salary if you got promotion. it doesn't change much.
9129,"Workload, targets, support.,7 thats it"
9141,- micromanagement - big company
9146,"Some slowness & org redundancies (big company, many resources to align)"
9149,"Nothing especially, but a little too much sales persons in commercial sales team"
9161,hard to get bonuses regularly - quotas are hard to get
9168,Cut throat and very sales driven
9169,"In Sales, some months are difficult and a bit stressful."
9196,Fast company growth through acquisitions is sometimes creating complexity in internal organisation.
9220,- Fast-paced and stressful at times. Late nights do happen but are usually followed by 'take the afternoon off to make up for it'
9226,"Competitive, you feel like an air duct cleaning cold caller."
9229,Getting internal aligned might be challenging
9230,"Nothing worth saying, for me it's perfect place to work"
9234,The only con is lower salaries for cost of living.
9243,Sometimes work can be very stagnant
9248,Need to sometimes deal with legacy code
9270,its okay have to work hard
9271,Work from home hard to do
9286,Time reporting and expense report system
9290,it is tiring and forcing job
9319,"Racist, Overtime, Travel, Hard, Fun"
9338,"high targets, smaller patches, t"
9344,Local Management in Southern Europe completely being rebuilt
9348,"- Favorites will get the better patches and therefore make more money - The same target for every patch in a team regardless on whether the patch is performing or not. - Promotion is dependant on you being in the team for 18 months & whether you achieve quota, which ties back into the patch you have. Bad patch = no progression."
9352,Sometimes the job can be thankless because customers only come to support with problems- which naturally causes some of them stress.
9356,Slow growth and less income
9357,Huge company. Employees coming from SMB's may feel disoriented and/or not contributing in the way they're used to.
9362,Can be a heavy workload at times
9425,Shifts Nothing much Carrer growth Unrealistic targets No regular working hours
9433,Poor organization from the sales development recruitment specialist team.
9441,Teams shares the same challenge in a start-up for access to budgeting. Sometimes changes are made to often and creates additional workload
9444,British Managers are power mad
9449,"Micro management, bloated and beaurocratic. Going from smaller startup to SFDC added a sea of new managers to navigate. Emphasis on hitting numbers rather than what's best for the customer."
9452,Very boring job High turnover
9455,Strict implementation of company policies. Sometimes you have to bend a little to accommodate employee requests.
9469,Relatively low salary as opposed to other tech companies. Badly organized training phase.
9472,work life balance. Not there long enough to comment.
9484,"Too much process which are struggling any creativity on a daily basis. Becoming a factory.. Career path to follow your current position, you can work on what you like but if you want to go for something else, prepare to suffer.."
9487,"All consuming, difficult to get a good work/life balance"
9489,Not enough women in the office
9505,Make to do day and night even stay at office sometimes.
9506,Sometimes the culture does it trickle down to the regions properly
9507,"Bad management, poor hr, lots of clickiness, bad behaviour tolerated"
9509,work life balance. Not there long enough to comment.
9511,"easy to burn-out, company is growing so quickly that internal priorities often change"
9523,Not competitive on salary for existing employees
9538,Mid Management and Lot of Politics
9546,"To many ""chiefs"" compared to the ""Ïndians"""
9551,"Not paid enough. Long working hours, not compensated for"
9552,"it's a grind, not a typical 9-5 job"
9554,too segmented takes a while to progress internally
9560,Nothing much to grow at least in my dept
9564,work can be stressful and tedious sometimes
9572,"very corporate environment, hot desk policy."
9574,bad line management in some area
9581,lot of politics due to indian managers
9582,Poor workers infrastructure and motivation towards work
9585,Salary amount could be better
9586,people management is rather tiring
9595,work life balance sometimes missing
9598,boring daily tasks Management chain Poor career opportunities
9606,Can be disorganised at times
9607,Growing quickly causes some pain
9611,"There is no potential for growth. I'm in the Support department and the only way to move is to become a manager or add a title but do the same duties. In this department they think of you as a ""resource"" and not as a special individual contributor. There is too much of a focus on quantity rather than quality. Process changes occur every 6 months and there is no thought into it. Career development is just a paper you have to fill out that never gets mentioned again."
9624,Favouritism Shown at Times Reasoning for Promotions Sometimes Questionable Managements attitude can be a bit discouraging at times instead of inspiring.
9626,"Terrible Micro Management Culture One Strike and you're out! If it is'nt perfect, its no good Sucking up is key Preferential treatment in projects and deals"
9633,- No room to grow - Unfriendly colleagues - Poor standing with consulting partners/customer - Being viewed as vendor but not a partner
9635,"Politics, uneven salaries, top heavy."
9645,Long hours -- that's about it
9646,Objectives can change too frequently and there are lots of PM changes
9653,"Hard to use your vacation time. Also, no flexibility on hours or working from home. You are tied to your desk all day."
9654,Monthly sales grind can wear on you after a while.
9655,It is easy to burnout.
9659,Current shake up in relocating the Seattle office.
9663,Salaries are not quite as competitive as other firms out there but the ESPP makes up for that given the stock has been doing well.
9674,Salaries are not competitive in all locations.
9678,Motivation to do more is sometimes lacking for the department
9679,"Work load can be too much, only at certain times"
9693,"Conservative in many ways, need to avoid breaking customers. Monolithic codebase, need more focus on productivity. Hard to work across teams sometimes. Hard to get things done often."
9710,"Changes with acquisitions, remote employees sometimes feel left behind - but do get caught up. Company culture differs between cities."
9718,I didn't go to work for Salesforce sooner.
9721,It can be hard to have a work/life balance.
9723,Teams within accounting are very compartmentalized and offer little visibility into what the others are doing.
9726,"So much work to do! So much infrastructure to fix - to automate. The leaders know that things need to be fixed and have provided a vision, but they need to do a better job of communicating it and ensure we are all marching to the same drum beat. From a Technical program perspective, they need to hire more! They are in middle of a transition, and from an Infrastructure Engineering perspective they are currently at a ratio of about 25-30 engineers per TPM. It needs to be more like 10 engineers per TPM."
9743,- Salary is not the most competitive when compared against other companies of this size - Can sometimes run into corporate red tape when trying to get things approved
9749,If you are considering the enterprise business unit or any sales don't accept the job until you know your accounts/assignment. In enterprise sales they are cutting your accounts in half each year and your quota goes up
9753,"Large company bureaucracy (red tape), difficult to work your way up in the company (in large part due to large size & red tape). Work can be monotonous at times (somewhat turns you into a one-trick pony), but, all-in-all, is typically fulfilling on a day-to-day basis."
9755,"pressured workplace, tendency towards long hours"
9760,Pays less than other sales dev orgs.
9761,Big company politics Career growth may take some time.
9766,Pay is less than what industry standards would be.
9769,"1. Too much politics! You will spend more time dodging criticisms and blames, rather than doing actual work. 2. Unless you can speak ""Tamil"" or ""Telugu"", or are awesome at work politics, you shouldn't join this company's IT department. Hard work is not rewarded. 3. Absolutely not worth being here if you are a contractor, unless you don't mind being treated like a slave."
9771,roles are sliced too thin. business still tilted towards the core sfa and service cloud business.
9777,"This is a tough one, because I love this company in so many ways. I'm not a bitter ex-employee; on the contrary, I'm extremely happy here and I want to have a long career with Salesforce. That's what breaks my heart about how little commitment to diversity the company has. To illustrate the point, I am black, and I cannot reveal my gender and office location, because doing so would reveal my identity. That's how few black employees we have at the company. Now, it's easy to fall back on the usual tech industry explanation of there being a ""pipeline issue"" that ties to minority education in STEM. There's absolutely truth to that, as you can't recruit what's not there. But here's the thing: when you fill your ranks with the same type of people in order to maintain some sort of ""company culture"", you create an environment in which the employees don't have enough exposure to people not like them to think of them as co-workers. The proof? If even your fictional website, PowerPoint and product demo characters are all white, there's a deeper problem than a simple ""pipeline issue"". It means non-white people are not part of your worldview. The implications of that are dire."
9783,- Onboarding programs are in development
9784,"None at this time, but work-life balance is something to consider, as this is a high-pressure job with high expectations. As long as that is considered beforehand, there should not be any surprises."
9795,Work could be overwhelming at times
9799,Meetings can be a bit tedious
9800,"Fast pace, too much going on"
9810,"Internal politics, maintaining internal equity, red tape"
9812,"getting a little big, but that's the price of success."
9813,"none really, pay is a little less than what other companies pay for support"
9815,Things change really fast here. One moment you are working on something and the next you will be working on something else. Some accumulated technical debt as the company is growing way too fast. Benefits are slightly below average compared to the other big names.
9816,Sometime the speed of the bureaucracy can be frustrating.
9827,Sales is very high pressure and monthly cadence can be a burden. It also forces the reps to pitch a lot of useless sales ideas at the end of every month.
9836,"At the end of the day, Salesforce is a software company, not a technology company. The senior people they hire are all from ex-Oracle, Adobe and that type of culture cascades down. Lots of red tape and people getting promotion that didn't deserve it so I left."
9844,None so far other than a lack of on-site parking but there are generous commuter reimbursements for using public transit.
9846,"Pace is real, not measured in hours but in timeliness to make decisions."
9849,Pay is less than what industry standards would be.
9851,-End of month and end of quarter is incredibly busy and there is a lot of pressure to exceed targets in last week of a period.
9862,Too much traffic downtown SF
9879,Big company has some red tape and can move slow
9890,Big company headaches. Internal politics can slow things down sometimes.
9894,"You need to close a certain number of cases, but some cases are much more difficult than others to close and the productivity formula does not take that into account."
9897,Management is rarely happy even when you close a big deal because they want you selling all of the products even when it doesnt make sense for the customer. They push product down customer's throats even though they call themselves a 'customer company.' Every month feels like it's end of quarter or end of year and managers care more about following the sales playbook versus helping you close the deal.
9901,A lot of things are unorganized
9905,Bureaucracy a little bit but not too much
9911,Processes make code commits lengthy.
9914,Not working at HQ can make it challenging to get viz.
9917,"Long hours in the office. But I was free to get up and stretch, grab food, hang out a bit. It was easygoing"
9928,Sometimes not 40 hour weeks
9939,"The leadership here needs to provide management training to VPs. While the training AE's get is 2nd to none, the direct management and coaching falls extremely short. For example, 6 months in, I have yet to have any kind of a review or coaching. There's also a common thread of jaded sales reps here. For example, ""I took x account almost to the finish line, the fiscal year ended, and someone else got credit for the deal."" This is a systemic problem because I have noticed those reps no longer enter information into Salesforce..what's the point if you'll lose the client next year. Team building - really another surprising gap here. I'm sure San Francisco HQ doesn't have this problem. Too new to be offended but the above is real. We get the ""best company to work for"" but really its the ""best product to sell."" Which isn't bad but not great."
9948,"Very fast paced, not really a con but for some it might be Lot of activities that you must do just to check a box and be a good corporate citizen Difficult Onboarding for new hires, drinking from a firehouse is an understatement"
9955,"Difficulty managing tech debt, cross-team issues difficult"
9956,"Same as any other big company, bureaucracy."
9958,A lot of big-company process.
9959,"Long growth path, very slow Favoritism for promotions Encouraged to work overtime regularly, very demanding job"
9964,Salaries are lower than market
9972,Not transparent about pay structure for Sales You have to pay for parking High pressure sales tactics
9985,Cross departments do no work well. Hoarding of knowledge
9986,A pea in a pod
9988,Keeping up with massive growth
9989,Constant change happening betweens accounts
9992,Low pay relative to the rest of the industry.
9997,Culture Challenging for Black women Misleading on the data that tell the true picture of current state (marketing)
10007,"Too many changes from management, added work for no raise, and average team."
10024,So far it has been great! Things tend to move a bit slow but that's natural to any large organization
10027,Base pay is low but you make up for it in uncapped commission - total OTE is very high but quotas are high
10029,"-Large company, there can be a decent amount of red tape"
10034,Some territories are filled with problems and more account management issues. Salesforce org health determines all new business transactions. Very hands off post sale and little to no customer success help.
10040,"Slow promotional path, AEs rely a ton on solutions engineer. Difficult time management"
10042,no lunch served at the office
10047,"a little slow in preparing us for customer interactions , presentations and demos (Mulesoft). Certification dev course is not really applicable to my position. At least not at that detail."
10049,Too many cookies involved in each deal
10052,Big company bureaucracy to navigate through.
10053,Low promotion transparency No Stock Options for Business Analyst
10054,dated technology and process heavy
10059,"Upper management, communication, uncertainty, Surveys"
10068,Some territories are filled with problems and more account management issues. Salesforce org health determines all new business transactions. Very hands off post sale and little to no customer success help.
10071,Workload can be crazy at times.
10072,"Siloed products, N/A N/A N/A"
10074,Documentation and code are structured very whimsically. This makes hunting things down a pain.
10081,Promotion process is not clear
10082,"pay, cross cloud deals, no unlimited PTO, performance cycle, and referral process"
