,cons
207,401 K match is very limited compare to other companies
208,terrible management very limited space to grow
209,"Experience can vary a lot depending on your manager. Many are great, but I’ve seen several great AEs get burned out and leave."
210,As the company grows we are creating silos.
214,The standard is that you will still be available to work during PTO so it's tough to feel like you can actually unplug during that time.
247,A lot of work and stress. Limited resources.
253,Too many products and life as core solution engineer is demanding
260,At the time there was a lot of travel and offsite meetings. As the company gets larger more red tape.
261,there is nothing very specific. but very fast-growing and innovative company
262,Expectations change daily and yearly
282,Career paths through the company are really hard to navigate. With the large-scale M&A the company has tons of nooks and crannies.
290,takes hard work but it is rewarding
291,Balance and work life is very hard
293,Built thru acquisitions of disparate products
302,Consistent unexpected changes; feels like one big startup; Heavy focus on 'building your brand' internally (almost is apart of your job); Work life balance is alright
303,Sales at Salesforce is one of the most difficult jobs on the planet
307,"Grind is sales! But, you learn every day."
319,Less opportunity to move laterally to different parts of company
330,"hard work, can be long hours"
331,"Salesforce is now so big they forget about what makes them special. Besides the cartoon characters and drinking Kool-Aid on how great they are, they are creating Robots to bring in revenue."
336,Intense and sometimes overwhelming work pace and culture
337,It builds a lot of tools internally so employees can sometimes not get exposed to the newest technologies outside the company.
341,"convenience, professional, dynamic, times, adaptable"
348,Burnout can be real. Work / life balance can be challenging.
353,There is a lot to do as the company grows so fast.
354,Takes a long time to move up the ranks
358,Hours can be very long
360,Big company life but that can be a good thing
364,Really big company and things are always changing.
366,So many different companies merged
371,None - great company and culture!
375,-Promotion process is messy -Constantly working
381,"Intense sales culture, must work hard"
385,Burnout can be real. Work / life balance can be challenging.
394,None - great company and culture!
399,"Hard to get promoted, can be overwhelming, time management"
400,Longer work hours than I usually like
405,Easy to find yourself working long hours
407,a very competitive market sector
410,"It’s fast paced and plenty of work, but the culture of the company and opportunity for advancement is well worth it"
411,"Although the company says they value work/life balance, it can be an issue, depending on individual team culture"
415,"Depends on your business unit, the workload varies."
417,- low-middle industry pay - slower promotion cycles now - layoffs - lots of movement internally - unclear communication - executive turnover - lack of vision
418,Longer work hours than I usually like
420,"big company, tough to navigate, not the best pay"
422,Pace of work is challenging.
424,- very long work days at times
427,Lopsided sense of value for some employees over others
434,"Sales - management is not understanding, measured on a monthly basis not quarterly or annually. Hard to move into a new role"
435,Needs high level of organization and self-resilience
444,It builds a lot of tools internally so employees can sometimes not get exposed to the newest technologies outside the company.
445,"- It's a luxury to have so many resources/products to sell and I'm thankful, but it often leads to tons of internal meetings, information overload, busy work, and in turn, have less time to focus on selling - Territories are getting smaller and smaller so the ceiling gets lower for earning potential, but we also have acquired so many great products it kinda off sets this, but if you get a rough patch in terms of territory/timing, it will be hard to crush it"
452,Limited growth opportunities for software engineers
457,"Fast update and learning, can’t stop learning"
462,work life balance not so great
463,There’s a lot of formalities like in any corporate. Make sure you’re comfortable presenting your case in many different forums to justify new features.
465,Culture is shifting with the rapid expansion of the business and headcount to match.
472,"Although the work culture is great, but there are few areas that require transparency."
485,"Like most Sales organisations, the relentless pressure associated with constantly growing at double digits"
491,as per my experience best place to work
495,Huge amount of work and poor balance between pro and private life (please notice that this is my personal experience.) Paris’s office is too small and crowded for all the employees.
496,Sometimes late working hours. Late Night phone calls.
497,Role is in dublin ireland
500,I can feel like you are behind the pace of the organisation and the hugely talented people within . You need to take time to get up to speed and you are given the time and encouragement.
504,Managing work life balance is sometimes hard
505,Pay Culture Training and development
506,no major cons in my exp
507,"With huge emphasis on growth, sometimes the customer first value gets de prioritised."
514,"- Comparatively low pay for graduates and the progression is slow - Huge gap between junior and senior employees - For this reason, there is no clear perspective of where you could be in 3 - 5 years. - The Grad program is relatively new, which comes with obvious pros and cons"
517,Na na na Having own building at hyderabad
519,- Complex management chain - Frequent restructure
529,"The days off allowance is following the average of Singapore standards: 15 days. It will be great to have more. However, Salesforce offers flexibility on working from home or different country location."
531,- Increasing lack of transparency from upper management. - Growth having a negative affect on standards and culture. - Recent introduction of hot desking has turned the office into an impersonal and unwelcoming place to be. It's cost savings at the expense of employees interests. - Uncertainty over future unified office location in Dublin.
537,"- Hours are long, especially at the end of quarters, occasional weekend required - Occasionally too politically correct - Very sales team focused, all other areas can be made to feel like you are 2nd best to them - Split offices mean that most events and senior management locate themselves in one. As based in the other it can lead to a distant feeling. - My team don't do many events or socialising outside the office, but many others do"
544,"Ironically, I have never worked in a company with so much admin, it is truly incredible how hard it is to just get through your daily role. We do not eat our own dogfood very well Incredible drive for more sales and prospecting means that existing customers get overlooked."
545,"Expect to work hard, but definitely worthwhile"
553,"As we grow, I hope we can hang on to all that makes it special."
556,"International opportunities outside of Europe, Office space & location"
561,"Package Is not that good, benefit can be much better"
562,Rapid growth has added a huge amount of processes. It takes much longer to have something done.
572,salesforce specific frameworks to work with
581,"The organization is growing rapidly, hence new members of staff from different companies with different organizational structures and cultures are joining. Management needs to ensure that Salesforce's original culture is preserved. This counts for senior level employees with directs as well as for young professionals. Understand why Salesforce is different and keep it unique as opposed to the other players in our industry."
590,A bit slow for beginners. Initial years in career should be spent on much more learning as compared to what is achieved here. Career focussed on Salesforce platform in the beginning itself.
596,No full lunch provided like LinkedIn / facebook
597,Toronto based AEs no longer covering IS territories.
599,"- Poor work-life balance, it’s all about work. Late night messages and sometimes those bringing call for action for next morning.. And this is getting worse as all management layers feel the need to “contribute”.. - Customer success has changed to customer second; this is confirmed as common view in recent employee survey. It’s all about running the revenue up, on cost of some customers being outright screwed over under time pressure from us. It’s terrible to see this change, having been following this great company for many years. - You get promoted by making your numbers. You can be as disrespectful to Salesforce values as you wish to be, as far as the numbers are on the board. This is not a nice environment to work in. This is a shark tank.. - We are taught to be hustlers. We make stories of how great the prices are in certain month and how my manager has a budget for the extra discounts He would like to spend with you as a special customer. Big news: the discounts are always available for those willing to actually buy and there are no budgets for “special discounts”.. The only big diversion from this is January, when it truly is a buyers market. - It is high pressure, always. - Office is too full, and no home office allowed. - Ohana, trust, customer success - these are just words in Sales slides."
601,career growth could be faster
603,Huge amount of work and poor balance between pro and private life (please notice that this is my personal experience.) Paris’s office is too small and crowded for all the employees.
606,IT industry changes very fast and processes changes from time to time. You have to be adaptable and focus on what matters
608,"Company has grown so much it feels it has trouble keeping up with itself. Company utilizes Google GSuite which doesn't work too smoothly with Apple or Microsoft products and hardware. You can get your work done, but if you are used to select your own tools or if you come from a Microsoft dominated environment you better be prepared for this as the impact to your productivity may be big in the beginning. The biggest problem to me has been that the Senior Management is not always on a level that I would expect them to be. There is a lot of variance in how they set the expectations, support their subordinates and especially how they present themselves as leaders. Maybe it is bad luck or maybe I'm not the right fit for the company, but this has also made me consider my options with other employers."
614,Lack of appreciation of staff fees and digest his material rights
621,"No Cons, really good benefits"
624,I joined this company with great aspiration and my dream shattered within a couple of weeks. From Managers to Upper Management in AMER shift in India craves for CSAT ...they push engineers to pitch surveys... total breach with customer ethics and core values of salesforce. Support Agent is like a survey machine nothing more than that...in fact the team never cares about the learning and enhancing the skills of Engineers. Rather find a way to get the good survey. I left the company in frustration due to these malpractices and learning curve was zero.
625,Extremely busy role with veryoften not enough hours in the day to achieve the days goals. Late nights and weekend work sometimes required to complete a project but the salary and benefits outweigh this negative and the company is very appreciative. Recruitment process is long and intense to ensure you are a proper fit for the company / culture / team you are joining.
626,"Competitive in a ""Crabs in a barrel"" sort of way Young Management that doesn't necessarily know how to lead Fast growth model causes a lot of changes in the same areas over and over again Constant rebranding gets confusing, even for the employees! Sales staff is treated far superior than other staff Because the ""Customer is always right"", they will let clients practically abuse you and you will get dinged for it"
635,"Very HQ centric on big decisions and authority, but this is changing in the regions, albeit not as fast as it could"
637,Rapid organisational changes takes time to manifest.
639,Salesforce is huge and there are so many products with a lot of acquisitions happening. You might feel lost sometimes.
643,There is an expectation to fully engage within the culture both in and out of the office. Work/life balance will always be a challenge if you plan to get in at 9 and leave at 5.
644,"Managing various timezones. Transparency & effective communications issues from stakeholders. But, nothing which can't be resolved with right effort."
651,"Here I am going to give reviews about salesforce demo eng team based in India. A lot of comparison between the team members which demoralise you every day. No technical manager/leader/boss in India. Flattery always works like a charm with the leaders. Team do not follow ""no gift policy"". Leaders of this team love to take expensive gifts from the team members. You can enjoy lunch for hours and hours if you are with mangers of this team. Very strict rules for office timing (9:30 you reach office or you better be prepared for the day). Though this rule is not applicable for leaders of this team. Mangers/Leaders put lot of pressure to get 5 out of 5 star from the clients you are working with. You will learn the high politics in very early age of career"
652,No cons currently - a thoroughly enjoyable place to work
656,Not enough recognition of great work done.
657,Sales pressure and not good work life Balance
659,Future Road-map. Depth of Talent for Large Enterprise Business Scaling being limited.
661,parking is not great at location
665,very fast growing company so organization changes frequently
668,"Extremely fast paced environment, important to strike work/life balance"
670,No work life balance in Customer Support Group (CSG). You have to work like slaves or bonded laborers fully loaded with work and dealing with global customer cases everyday.
673,Difficult to maintain work/life balance
675,Hard working environment No more Cons
676,Work life balance isn’t great
678,Working on weekends and holidays Stress Lots of hires and lots of fired employees - high turnover
679,"Underpay compared to other technology companies in 'growth' mode. - managers focus strictly on numbers, little coaching or mentorship - work/life balance is a blurred line; focus hard on your numbers yet cap your working hours at 45 a week - moving away from flexible work hours and remote based employees - culture is no longer a focus"
680,Nothing cons as the company is very good
681,"Can be very exhaustive to keep up. Change is the new constant, so you are always learning and re-learning. Easy to get distracted as there are many events and charities you are encouraged to be a part of. At end of day, you are responsible for your own KPIs, so time management is essential"
683,"Pace: SF moves fast. Change is constant. You need to be comfortable being uncomfortable. This is not for everyone. If you're looking to rest on your laurels in a comfy position, you need not apply. Fiscal Year: this is a petty gripe but a valid one. The SF fiscal year ends January 31st, which means Christmas/New Year timeframe is one of the our busiest times of year. Taking vacation in December/January is highly discouraged given it's the busy season, not ideal if you're accustomed to taking time off for the holidays. Cross-Functional Collaboration: compared with most companies I've seen, we do a great job of collaborating across departments/functions to get the job done. Some would say we're world class in this department, but as a SF veteran my expectations are high and I think we can do better. At times certain departments feel misaligned and for us to continue growing we need to move as one tightly aligned organization."
686,Takes more time to explain the topics
687,Pains and politics from growing fast. Flat management structure makes it challenging to understand career path in the company. Products and platforms and their nomenclature are constantly changing which can be a challenge to keep up and stay aligned and then communicate effectively to the customer sometimes.
693,"We work way too much. It's not necessarily that there's management pressure for it, but we just feel passionate about the company and our work, so we end up working all the time. It takes conscious personal and management efforts to ensure we stick to not working, evenings, on weekends and holidays."
694,"Nothing as of now. No company provided transport, maybe HR can review and address this concern. Also need to ensure that the culture at hyderabad is consistent with that in HQ, San Francisco"
695,"Work life balance in services non-existent. Company grew too fast to keep up with the great team dynamic that made it such a creative, exciting, progressive place to work. US did not understand non-US jurisdictions and had not desire to do so. US tried to make it an overly structured, regimented corporate when it's greatest asset was it's agile, non-conformist style that enabled creativity, intrapreneurship and great teamwork"
696,Salesforce is extremely HQ centric . While not a complete con - A lot of the company's growth is fueled through inorganic acquisition as opposed to organic efforts within the company.
699,"The work is tough and a lot is expected, however I wouldn't list this as a black and white con, as I believe that what we get in return is more than enough to justify workload."
709,In Solution Engineering sometimes there can be a lot of travel / 'last minute' requests but this is balanced by a flexible work environment.
711,accepte all maneers to be accepted. keep feeling nice and calm.
715,Can be pretty hectic and geared towards sales
719,Teams and job titles reshuffled often
721,"Some disadvantages are coming from the advantages indeed: - It’s really difficult to make good money. Target are increasing and OTE are reflected based on global plans , so it depends a lot on how lucky you are you will be able to reach your targets. - You will have to manage the relationship not just with your direct reporting, but wih different stakeholders who will have different interests. As an example, different AEs from different vertical products interested in selling into the same account, different RVPs to manage with. Alignment is one of the most important words in the company. Some days you will finalise your day thinking about how 90% of your calls were to manage talks with colleagues and not customers/ partners. - Depending on the area you are focus in, territory can be really big or small. This comes with the maturity of the product in the market. Per example , Core products AEs are really focus in small territories, however new products in the Org (Mulesoft, Commerce ,...) counts with small teams yet. These AEs are focus in strategic deals and normally cannot support all the opportunities properly. At the end, quotas are increasing because of new products in the portfolio , but you cannot have the same level of support like in mature ones. So I would say it depends how lucky you are with an specific account your co prime could make a big piece of the quota. - I don’t personally believe you have to be the best sales person in the world to sell in Salesforce. Marketing investment and resources are super huge, some customers buy the vision and what they see in events many times , plus there is plenty of really experienced partners in the region. I would say your results at the end of the year will depend 30% of your work and 70% how lucky you are with your territory , maturity of your account and the work of your co-primes - If you like the start uptype of experience , this is not a place where you will be comfortable for a long time (I must confess smaller regions like Iberia are closer to a start up type of company thought ) However, sometimes you will have the feeling you will spend more time reporting, reading Quips, covering different events, than thinking strategically how to gain relationships, trust and projects. - This company can help you win good money, but reducing your health due to stress and long time at work. Work life balance is challenging. There is not an ending point , you will have to be really good Managing this point to have everyone happy : you (and your health , your closer family (that will have to be open on you travelling and spending long hours at work, and the company) This point is being really important. Some people are leaving , or thinking about doing it, because of this last reason. Retaining employees is key for the company. Many important people use to leave (mostly coming from the acquisitions) because they don’t get use to the way the company operates. A lot of people are ex oracles, this can creates a local culture where not anyone might be confortable with."
725,Working with other teams can be time consuming and slows down progress for your own team.
731,Growth is challenging patches getting smaller and smaller within Sales Reps
734,long hours and expected to work out of hours.
737,"Career progression is not as good as it is suggested. However given that you get brilliant training for each position and a lot of experience it is worth it . Management are very supportive but very much focused on activity, if you are more of a relationship building person and take time closing deals I wouldn't recommend it as it is more high activity driven"
742,No work life balance in Customer Support Group (CSG). You have to work like slaves or bonded laborers fully loaded with work and dealing with global customer cases everyday.
743,We need a bigger market share to create even more awareness!
747,Work life balance can suffer. It's sometimes hard to find the time to keep up with new developments due to the volume of work and pace of innovation.
752,Not so much career path opportunity between different roll.
753,Management needs to focus on growth
760,I really don't have anything negative to say. It's a fast growing dynamic company and it's great place to work.
762,Never enough resources to address the opportunity in front of us Long hours - we work hard
763,"As we are growing so fast the structure is getting bigger. There is no big cons in Salesforce. Everything is almost perfext,"
765,"A good patch is easy, tough patch is hard. Sales"
766,Nothing particularly. Great place to work
767,Work flexibility (need to be in the office everyday)
772,-Can be hard to manage work life balance at times based on quota attainment
774,Not a strong brand in Canada No work life balance- prepare to have 12 hour days on a regular basis Individual contributors made into managers with no training Unclear job expectations Abrasive new manager
779,"- very competitive, cut-throat sales environment - challenging work"
780,"Italy team is growing fast but still small, for example in business support functions"
784,so many things to learn and by the time you learn them some changes
787,Lots of technology / products to get up to speed on. Continuous learning is essential Travel at SMB level and above is required. Too many sugary treats freely available
792,"The offices are located in sandyford which is quite far from the city centre, the commute from the city centre takes around 30 minutes using the free exective bus transfers."
794,"Very fast growing company, a lot of movement within teams and across management. Good in the way that it produces a lot of opportunity for promotion but also challenging in terms of maintaining momentum and team dynamics."
798,"A bit overwhelming sometimes because there is so much to learn! But overall, there is a great deal of material available for us to learn from."
799,career path development is limited
804,"Large work load at times, constant focus on performing at the highest level."
805,"A bit stressful, however Sales team are always stressful no matter where."
808,The fast pace of growth means you have to be constantly open to change which some people can struggle with. There can be too many meetings at times. Two separate offices.
814,"Growth of company, can be challenging to keep up with all the new insights. Change is constant."
815,salary banding. aggresive management and no everyhing is ' joined up'
822,BDR is incredibly mundane and repetitive but a great foot in the door.
823,Sometimes too much focus on revenue and forget about the value for the customer.
825,-ramping on product knowledge is difficult and takes time -monthly cadence can be challenging when you go up stream -working at a growth company is great but comes with high expectations
826,A lot of hard work - very tough environment and little work life balance.
831,Quality of work is not great
839,Work life balance can suffer. It's sometimes hard to find the time to keep up with new developments due to the volume of work and pace of innovation.
841,- Little opportunities to grow your career quickly even if overachieving your targets - Becoming a big enterprise software company and losing the small size company spirit
842,Salesforce is huge and there are so many products with a lot of acquisitions happening. You might feel lost sometimes.
843,"Very fast paced, working for a US company has all the set backs with the time difference, alot of pressure on sales team."
845,A corporate mindset and shareholder-focused business that has prioritised growth over customer and employee success
849,"No room for individuality as company grows more and more ""corporate"" The good old pioneering - innovative years are over."
850,"Culture can be a popularity contest, especially in pre-sales, you're expected to spend a lot of time going to team events and if you dont participate you wont do as well. You also have to start at 8am everyday"
852,Expect working more than 55h Hard to balance personal and professional life
864,Monday Forecast Meeting Tuesday Pipeline Meeting Wednesday Key Deal Review Thursday Pipeline Build Meeting Friday Tertiary Plan Meeting All these meetings are the exact same thing. You will generally spend 10-16 hours a week in a meeting room with your team repeating yourself and listening to your colleagues repeat themselves. It becomes extremely tedious.
865,"Work-life balance could be improved by adding onsite facilities, like exercise rooms."
869,changing processes and very similar to oracle.
872,Good basic and opportunity to travel.
887,Business is changing so rapidly all the time- it can be exhausting trying to constantly be agile and cope with a large work load.
891,- Long hours - Frequent organizational changes - Frequent headcount freezes
903,"Strict hierarchical steps upwards (limited responsibility at each level), huge company so not as agile or fast moving as one would hope sometimes, but overall it's definitely a good company to work for"
904,"Nothing, could stand for better communication between dev and sales"
905,Lacking on the maturity curve with Largest accounts. Every client is treated the same whether they spend $10k or $10mil. Management is typically not investing in employee skill sets and career growth. Its all about Sales and the weekly numbers.
908,"Not enough organization, resource and infrastructure to keep up with the growth"
912,"Changing culture with lots of Oracle People coming in in Management Customer focus is number 2 bypassed by ACV Confusing product rebrandings and while marketing is mobile, social ..... a shitty mobile product. Performance Edition must be an Idea from a person who never been at a customer. Unified platform is a Powerpoint Concept. Carreers depends on Buddy business and even people from Middle Management pushes the new market approach while knowing that these concepts failed at Oracle before. Critics are not allowed, we have to believe....and cheer... #awesome"
913,"Organization split into silos thus prohibiting all division to collaborate around 1 client through it's life cycle. Some colleagues focused on 'plucking the low hanging fruit' and not at getting share of wallet within one enterprise customer. Although my application went very well, I see many candidates wait too long for feedback."
915,Very dashboard-driven. Employees live and die by the metrics
917,"Very stringent and regimented in career path, just a cog in a very big machine"
919,"Pay below comparable jobs at other companies High school football captain culture Lack of talent at higher management level (great politicians, often not competent) Work life balance CEO personality cult"
921,Very metrics focused. May change directions.
925,"It is good to have a lot of measures for success, but still need to work on making sure they are accurate, such as adjusting annual team goals when there are open positions for periods of time."
932,Work-life balance is a bit off-the-scale (significant remote work calls for meetings at inopportune times)
934,"Remote employee engagement could get better, but the independence it provides is unparalleled."
955,"I know a lot of ppl who are very happy, but I can only speak about my team and that there are teams at salesforce that are very bad culture and don't value or follow a lot of guidelines that Salesforce has in place. Also overall, Salesforce has a lot of internal politics."
958,Challenging for working parents. Some leaders still play favorites and micromanage.
964,"hours, job opportunities, management, constant change"
967,"It is a company for being young and single. Its more of a struggle when you have other responsibilities (family). Lots of social events, happy hours and offsite meetings. I've experienced that volunteering isn't ""encouraged"" unless it's WITH the group (no personal causes) and if you want to support a personal cause, it had better be on the weekend (when you want to spend time with family) rather than during working hours. Cornhole must be played at every event. And people pour themselves into the job, 24/7. No turning off or tuning out - no matter what is ""touted"" from corporate. Although ""balance"" is said to be priority, it must be fought for, and only after you've earned tenure. Work hard for 5 years, then you can have some balance (maybe.)"
968,Miss out on a good chunk of culture/events by working in satellite office (although you can always participate online).
969,Work hard play hard. Hours can be long and demands can be tough. Company continues to grow rapidly and is becoming more corporate.
971,Company has grown fast and they have not quite figured out how to enable and ensure the culture expands to remote EE's through leadership/
974,- Speed to deliver can be improved
975,- Outdated and antique waterfall process for infrastructure planning and service that hinders innovation - Synergy is lacking across different clouds within Salesforce. Internal duplication and contentions between different cloud is inevitable - Heavy interdependencies between groups and departments makes it hard to make any meaningful progress in an agile way
986,"Title inflation Unstructured career path Sales-driven culture Managers promoted for individual contribution, not leadership abilities"
994,A lot of learn and it is a very fast moving and changing company - not a con per se - but challenging to keep up.
997,"Unless you are single and have a lot of free time, I recommend you look elsewhere for jobs. -Team got so large in 2016, what used to be a friendly culture becomes more of less corporate like. -Ex-CEO left, the whole RelateIQ CRM product is getting killed out at some points. -Constantly pivot with fears one day the product is not competitive. -The motto is people, idea, moment and RESULT, yes, result is the only they care regardless of how we achieve it. -Some of the management here are very junior and got converted from early day RelateIQ engineers. With a mindset of moving fast and ridiculously unorganized, this put a whole lot of work on engineers. A lot of LEGACY code that got produced without being thoughtfully planned out. This leads to a lot of hard to trace bugs. -A lot of PM here are super junior who have no clue what's the product development is. This leads to product decision delay, etc. Product planning is totally a joke here. No Scrum of any sort, the process puts a lot of weight on engineer to figure out the problems and solutions. The only thing the PM really does here is to send out email releases when something is about to release. -Lots of young engineers who only care about deliver cool features fast which sacrifices the quality. If you happen to work on a feature last, you are the single point of contact and have to maintain the whole load of it. -Watch out for all the good perks, at some points, when SalesforceIQ is fully melted into Salesforce family, these perks will also go away. Take a look at the Fraiche account, the Lyft credit, the housing stipend, they are all gone. -Don't let the offer congratz email blast from the recruiting and engineering team cloud your judgement. All the things about the family like culture and what's not, this culture is no longer respected. -Some middle managers are control freaks who like to micro manage every of you move. -Every Friday demo is just a hacky thing that squeezes out your extra work and you feel obligated to demo something to the company. -The quarterly Hackday mentality is just another way you work extra hard and late night to produce something really cool."
1002,- Not performance based. Top performer gets treated and paid the same as lowest. - No commission or bonus based on performance. - Slow progression to next role for quick learners. - Lack of diversity on floor. - Major issues with complacency/laziness across department.
1007,"Very competitive environment, but it`s sales..."
1008,"None, great place to work at."
1009,"With growing pace, comes growing pains of hiring right talent and continue to be nimble and agile. Growing competition from MSFT, Oracle, SNOW will make it harder to position unique values"
1020,Simply no dedication to user experience. The user experience team is made up of software engineers that dictate design decisions and do not encourage healthy debate or review of user desires. Extremely top-down. That's an absolute deal-breaker in this day and age. People constantly throw each other under the bus. There is a a severe lack of community and an absolute surplus of individualist behavior.
1021,Training workload in the first couple months is intensive.
1023,"Salesforce.com's career advancement is very long, competitive creating a lot strife in the office. Also, since it is very competitive, working at Salesforce.com is not fun at all."
1025,- big company can be frustrating
1037,This work is very addictive!
1039,"As company scales, challenge to maintain talent level across bigger workforce"
1046,Work load and hours can be demanding.
1048,"If you don't want to work your butt off this isn't the right place. However, if you like a fast pace you can do really well here (everybody says they are fast paced but not like this...). If you like to chill choose another company"
1052,"The pace of the business and growth is relentless, everyone works hard to keep up."
1056,"Fairly intense work culture, kind of like drinking from a firehose. Very political environment. Great engineers, lots of fat in the marketing/sales/HR functions. Very poor internal processes."
1059,"Overwhelming with the amount of information for new hires, but you are able to get up to speed rather quickly with all the resources available. The people make this company work."
1060,Other Salesforce hubs don't seem to be cut from the same cloth when it comes to the different parts of sales. Indy is also the main Marketing Cloud hub so we have to work with the other sales teams within Salesforce who sell the other products that we offer. Some would rather get their money than do what is best for the customer. It's difficult to work across the different hubs sometimes because of this.
1062,"Like at any enterprise tech company, the work is big and complex. With responsibility over projects that affect hundreds to thousands of people, balancing work priorities and personal life can feel a bit rocky at times. Fortunately, there is always a bright mind to turn to for help and no shortage of motivated, hard-working people around you to get the job done and have a little fun while doing it."
1066,"Very strong politics and somewhat negative orientation in the market for their customers. Rely on big services and other upsells. Widely varying levels of success depending on the integration partner. NOT focused on new features and innovation, but milking the existing stack for maximum revenue."
1076,Hours are long. Could be more flexible with work life balance and family time.
1077,You have to enjoy learning to enjoy being part of the company.
1080,Still working to understand the career opportunities for remote employees.
1090,"- The Salesforce acquisition changed a lot of things about the culture, positions, teams, and leadership of SteelBrick for the worse (as expected with any acquisition, but still tough to manage). - The acquisition happened so fast (announcement to close ~1 month), that it barely gave employees time to process. The business had to be wrapped up and packaged for SFDC so quickly that employees were basically handed their offer letters and told 'sign now and we'll figure out logistics about how your position will change later'. -The lack of communication during the acquisition, on boarding, and transition process created a divide between leadership and employees, causing distrust in leadership. Employees were commonly given answers about the future of their positions with 'we're not sure yet, we're working on it, and we'll let you know when we figure things out'. - SteelBrick leadership focused primarily on their money-making teams (sales and dev) as their priority to ensure a smooth transition. The other teams we're offered positions with Salesforce, but haven't been given the opportunity to get the same improvements. The leadership team is only willing to fight for the teams that make more money for them. - The further we get into Salesforce, the more we've lost our personal identity and culture. There's not as many fun events or opportunities for employees to come together and enjoy some time off. Everyone's too overworked and underpaid to want to stay around the office longer then they have to."
1095,"Growing very fast, some industry focus seems unorganized and not led or driven by the best industry experts, employee development can be improved"
1101,Still a massively growing company so there's some reorganization going on that complicates learning the minor details about Salesforce and the technologies it uses.
1108,"The people think they are amazing, they are average. Its got the normal big company politics, and is more of a marketing machine than owners of any revolutionary tech. Externally thought of as leaders in tech, but really internally very behind the times on cloud based computing. Quite a large monolithic stack, that has not evolved in a long time. Any innovation here is bought in acquisitions, which are very poorly integrated into the whole."
1109,Challenging to balance work and life
1111,it is a fast moving company and the pace is not for everyone.
1114,Work life balance can sometimes be a challenge.
1121,"hyper growth can lead to distance between executives and employees; however, messaging from top down is consistent, transparent, and the recruiting team has done a GREAT job at hiring great talent and onboarding them"
1124,Work is not very strategic
1130,Very few - growing fast
1133,"no life - between the work load and company events, say goodbye to your personal life."
1134,Can be more focused on sizzle/marketing than on results. Important to be well-connected & have senior exec patronage for success.
1139,"Moves at a start up pace - frequently changing priorities, approaches to working"
1147,"- Constant growth requires patience and acceptance of occasional ambiguity, can be challenging for those who are used to traditional corporate environment"
1149,Still looking for real cons. It could be easy to get overwhelmed by all the technology and communication. There are lots of volunteering opportunities and making time to participate requires good time management
1151,Monthly pressure in Sales is hardcore. We burn relationships with our best customers to get a small deal in the month. Need to stay focused on the customer and what is best for the customer. Too focused on our month and deal. This is highly dependent on the Manager for your team. Some are more balanced.
1154,The drive to continue making new features was a higher priority than dealing with existing issues. Sometimes important issues were backlogged in favor of new feature work.
1160,Very fast passed and high quota expectiaiotns
1161,"HQ centric company, lots of travel to SF"
1164,"While relatively challenging, the work can be extremely repetitious and dull Lack of consistent knowledge share Actual work space was cramped - contractors shared small room with around 15 other contract developers from various teams"
1167,So far it has been great work place. No Cons.
1173,"Very quickly growing, still learning how to be an enterprise business in some aspects"
1176,"Salesforce is a very demanding place to work and 12 - 15 hour workdays are the norm across many departments. While the company talks about the importance of wellness and encourages employees to take care of themselves, they have yet to modify the actual workload and expectations that would allow employees to do that."
1182,- Start up like culture with shifting priorities - Frequent product acquisitions
1188,"Onboarding is decent but you are on your own after that, sales process is lengthy and most are paid on an annual number but there is this intense monthly cadence number."
1190,Many benefits are only available where Salesforce has an official office
1192,"lots of work, busy, commute, expensive to live in city, need more benefits"
1197,None that I can think of. One aspect that might consider con: - Salesforce is place for passionate employees. It doesn't to make you work overtime but you need to be passionate about what you do. It is not the place for those who like to do work are needed chore.
1202,Sales Management is driven to grow at all costs. Culture of the firm is very positive and philanthropic messages are very positive however the maniacal need to grow 50% y/y puts customer success in second position over deal completion. The growth messages are coupled with sales culture that is not long term relationship (Trusted Advisor) messaging that the overall company convey's to the market.
1203,"There are opportunities for improvement, which is not different from other companies. The difference with Salesforce compared to my former employer is that there is opportunity to make a big impact at Salesforce, which opens the door for doing business better and reduces the red tape."
1206,Too many sales reps and very small territories / selling opportunities. Lots of sales turnover.
1207,"Be more competitive with perks, e.g. free meals or more shuttles Non-HQ offices receive less love Some promotions seem to be a popularity contest"
1210,"growing large very quickly, no meals provided"
1216,"Working in a large company always has its challenges, but overall I have no major complaints."
1225,"Fast growth means fast paced work environment. This keeps the job very exciting but also challenges in terms of changing priorities, ""fire drills"" and decisions being made without putting a lot of thought into future impact."
1226,Long work weeks and some travel required.
1234,Very fast passed and high quota expectiaiotns
1235,"Getting up to speed takes time. Internally teams operate very differently and everyone has their own process to intake work which makes for a frustrating experience trying to interact with other teams. I will say with a company with such great overall culture, internally there is definitely a lack of willingness to help other teams. This may be from the large percentage of A+ players driving their own initiatives?"
1239,None - This company really is amazing!
1242,There is a fair amount of self learning as the company rapidly expands. The montly demands can be taxing but always well worth it.
1244,- flexibility of schedule can be minimal
1250,"Salesforce produces Entitled and quite frankly, arrogant people. They tell you to pat yourself on the back because ""its harder to get into Salesforce than Harvard""... people repeat this at bootcamp, when they didn't even attend Harvard. Training is all online Trailhead badges, and not personal training with objection handling, interaction and just a bunch of ""Salesforce is the best and the competitor sucks"", their management and team breeds arrogance, ignorance and lack of humanity. Salesforce is all smoke and mirrors, great place to work, but their sales teams all stab eachother in the back. Try asking people about the relationships between EMEA and NorthAmerica on accounts. They claim #1 place to work but ask around, people get sick of being a cog in the corporate system. Salesforce is great marketers but peel back the onion, on integrating the clouds."
1258,I have been at Salesforce for a month now and I do not have any cons.
1259,SF location is congested and can be trying for commuters.
1260,It's a fast paced place so it can be hard to keep up but this also keeps things interesting and challenging.
1274,- Hiring lots of ex-Oracle folks who don't quite fit the 'Ohana' culture - Still a whirlwind if you can't manage your workload and time - No clear advancement path - I asked my leadership & was told to wait in the queue as others were here first. - Doing good work often is rewarded with more work than one can handle with a high degree of quality
1285,growth can be dependent on which cloud you work in
1297,All positive feedback at this time.
1298,Parking & Commute. Works better with Company provided shuttle or public transit
1304,"-Uneven balance on who makes money right now -SB segment doing great, GRB(level above) struggling big time -New territory every February 1 -Little room for Growth"
1309,Working for Salesforce and lack of company Trust.
1310,"What happens when a the World's Most Innovative Company hires almost exclusively from a company that doesn't even crack the top 100? The culture changes. We become less innovative, more hierarchical, less transparent, less appreciative. It is well known: if you want to move into management, the best way is to leave and come back. Diversity is a good thing, including diversity of experience."
1312,"-San Francisco has it's pros and cons, nothing with salesforce"
1314,"It is easy to say there are NO Cons in this company! They continue to grow and still continue to support their customers, employees, and the community."
1324,- Lots of moving pieces across accounts as more acquisitions take place - Some prospects don't understand Salesforces value beyond the CRM product creating objections in the marketplace - Depending on your territory you can find yourself traveling 90% of the time
1330,"Don't get everything right out of the gates, but adjusts quickly. Be comfortable with iteration and imperfection."
1333,"Very white leadership, micromanaged culture"
1335,Wish there were more opportunities to work remotely.
1342,Long hours and a lot of travel.
1348,"- Being in the field is vastly different than working at headquarters or at a large site - Premium pricing and increased competition can create difficult sales environment - There is definitely an ""every man for himself"" attitude in the field"
1358,pays 70% of market related to work expected
1364,"inflexible work schedule and not a great work life balance,High level of micromanagement and lot of push on transactional cycles"
1370,"In the name of taking ownership, the leadership lets the team-members fight it out like dogs for their next project, promotional cycle, bonus, performance-review etc. This is especially true in their CRM Analytics group in San Francisco. The middle management (Senior Managers and Directors) suck with their petty office politics and leadership politics. This whole concept of Hybrid engineers is a big sham and is affecting the quality of their product."
1377,"Fast paced, dynamic and demanding environment with consistent expectation to deliver above quota. Salesforce ""way"" of conducting business can be overwhelming."
1383,Work/Life Balance can be better
1384,- No lunches - Limited perks
1387,"Fast paced environment , difficult scope with grow scale"
1388,Not enough room for innovation
1390,have a lot to learn very fast moving
1394,More frequent change than any company in my 20 years of experience
1396,Meetings and distractions that come working for a huge corporation.
1401,Information overload! The Salesforce product suite is extremely robust and it takes time to feel comfortable understanding the full extent by which it can help customers grow and innovate.
1404,"Unlike other companies in the Bay area, Salesforce is a very marketing- and sales-led company. While engineers and product owners are encouraged to innovate and make an impact, the founders are very much in charge, and the company is driven by Dreamforce and marketing messaging. (Despite this, hard work can also make a huge impact, even when it's not aligned with Marketing, Sales, Dreamforce)"
1405,- Outdated and antique waterfall process for infrastructure planning and service that hinders innovation - Synergy is lacking across different clouds within Salesforce. Internal duplication and contentions between different cloud is inevitable - Heavy interdependencies between groups and departments makes it hard to make any meaningful progress in an agile way
1407,"The work can be demanding, requiring 60 and 70 hour weeks at times depending on the season (business reviews, product launches, events, etc.)."
1408,"None to speak of, keep up the great work."
1411,"We are now almost 40K, so it helps to be good at navigating people and get your EQ skills on."
1412,work life balance is challenging. It is exciting but the strain of growing this quickly shows in operational areas and some of the things you would take for granted at more mature companies haven't evolved. Lots of initiatives to 'solve problems' internally go no where and are forgotten in a quarter
1413,"Workload is neverending. Sales expects teams to respond at all hours of the day. Support teams are not scaled along with the hiring growth. Company message that employees and work/life balance are valued is not consistent with the actual work environment. Long hours and pushes at quarter ends to close deals. Love the corporate culture drive to volunteer as a community and attend social events, but feel stressed by the time away from work hours and needing to make up the work after hours."
1414,"It's a cloud based company that is mostly service orientated; they have mobile teams, but they are minor in the scheme of things and you aren't going to be working on the cutting edge of tech."
1426,"1. See #3 above— can actually be too much info to digest- you can get lost on the “trails” and the next thing you know tomorrow is today! 2. Not much else, which is a good sign!"
1430,None at this time - keep the emphasis on the customer and product
1443,Great neighborhood but comes at a cost of commute time
1446,"Being a remote employee I wish we had dedicated monthly times to take trips to work/meet with your team! With that being said, they have no problem with remote employees taking the time to go visit and immerse themselves with their teams. I just wish it was more frequent and scheduled!"
1448,"Teams feel disconnected, there is not much communication between management and employees. Also notice that it's hard to chart a career course here."
1449,I have no cons for Salesforce
1456,There is constant and rapid change so it's easy to feel overwhelmed
1457,"We work hard, so it's important to enjoy what you do here!"
1458,Some people may not like fully open seating offices / lack of privacy (although there are phone booth rooms when needed. No transit benefit Dependencies on other teams can feel slow
1462,RSU refresh program is not good for long time employees
1463,"Not working at the corporate headquarters has the same disadvantages as at any other company, although multiple channels of communication and a strong commitment to transparency definitely help. Open-office layouts have the usual noise issues. Each employee can expense a set of noise-cancelling headphones."
1469,"- Unsure how promotions are decided upon, would like to see performance & peer reviews used to help decide promotions. - Lots of growth, change is constant and makes it difficult to get things done sometimes."
1475,Paid under market value and it's tough to rise through the ranks via promotion with the company being so large
1479,Pretty large company - makes it hard to get a full look at everything
1481,"Monthly cadence can be tough to keep up with, but management works with you to align with personal & professional goals to overcome the hustle."
1482,I'm often glad I no longer work there
1485,Monthly cadence for sales organization is difficult. The pressure to perform monthly sometimes works at cross purposes of developing a trusted advisor/relationship status with your clients.
1489,"As they grow and expand the tribal knowledge can be challenging. Gmail and suite is TERRIBLE! Hours are wasted in finding, sorting etc., email. Calendar and conferencing tools need improvement"
1491,"Unlike other companies in the Bay area, Salesforce is a very marketing- and sales-led company. While engineers and product owners are encouraged to innovate and make an impact, the founders are very much in charge, and the company is driven by Dreamforce and marketing messaging. (Despite this, hard work can also make a huge impact, even when it's not aligned with Marketing, Sales, Dreamforce)"
1498,Company too big for individual contributors to make any meaningful impact.
1501,"Personal con is that my commute takes now longer. Luckly, Salesforce provides shuttles to/from SF."
1504,"Work is really your main focus, both from 8-5 and then afterwards with your team. Super young employee population....not great for those with a family."
1505,Very fast paced and time consuming tasks
1511,Very competitive to get a job change
1513,There are truly no cons about working at Salesforce. I love everything about this company. Keep doing what you’re doing.
1516,"Rapid pace of innovation and growth cause issues with adoption, and support of new technologies. New technology is often released without adequate testing, and support can lag behind in learning and adopting new technology."
1517,"- Work environment is highly politicized in projects, promotions, and basically anything you do - Not everyone is pulling their own weight - Very little accountability in the organization. The company did away with formal performance reviews a few years ago. There is a culture of praise here, so constructive feedback is rarely given - Roles and teams are incredibly silo'd now. This is not the place to be if you're looking to grow and develop your career in a multitude of different ways - Easy to get lost in the sea of things: the company has grown way too large in recent years - Growth and progression are slow. Career development is non-existent if you remain in your current position. Since there are so many employees now, each job that an employee has is incredibly specific, so if you want a change of pace, you'd have to change out of your role entirely Also, for what it's worth, I strongly believe that Salesforce actively reaches out to news outlets and pays to get on those ""Best Employer"" lists that come out yearly. I wouldn't be surprised if they had people in HR write numerous positive reviews to artificially inflate the Glassdoor scores."
1518,"Upward movement, LOT of changes,"
1526,"Hybrid Engineering has pros and cons. However, in Indy, the strategy for hybrid transition is causing a significant loss in engineering productivity. First, Pros: 1.) Hybrid engineering has brought more focus on using contemporary tools for automated testing. 2.) This helps in improving system reliability and make developers better at their jobs since testing is not considered an afterthought anymore. 3.) Huge investment in automated testing upfront is a good overall strategy that will help in system scalability and reduce buggy software releases. Cons: 1.) The idea for depending more on automated testing than on manual testing has translated into demanding all manual / semi manual qa testers to learn how to code. 2.) This is the strategy that has not panned out at all. While, the self help tools like online courses, mentoring resources and in-team guidance have been a proactive ongoing effort, this approach is taking massive hits on productivity for developers as well as for testers all around. 3.) You can find developers on any given day spending quite a bit of time (hours at times) going over basic step by step process (over and over again) with the testers to resolve minority non-mission critical bugs. 4.) Testers, especially who are not from a programming background / havent coded in a while, are overwhelmed and stressed out about the tickets they have to complete each sprint. 5.) For a company that champions engineering productivity and no interruption time for developers, developers are spending less time on quality features/innovative/disruptive work and more time getting bogged down by the process+manual testing+ incremental work . Dont get me wrong, the notion of ohana is embedded deep in the organization and engineers are glad to help their peers anytime. However, this is a massive hit on productivity."
1527,"This will be the best job of your career that will take you to new heights, but it will be long hours and intense travel. Know that before signing up."
1537,"hard work, high effort, stressed environment and unstructured processes sometimes"
1541,Fast growing and still maintaining the culture can be a challenge
1542,Can be a very busy and fast pace
1544,Large organization and product portfolio is a challenge to navigate
1550,"Very fast work pace, constant change, which doesn’t suit everyone"
1552,"We are a cloud product company, but our PC security is very strict. Salaries are different even for the same grade."
1558,over-extended journey location no rest-time scheduled unsupervised work so high expectancies
1560,"Extroverts' work environment, work life balance depends on manager"
1562,Company is growing fast so continuous change
1565,Able to work productively and instinctively
1566,Work hard and work so long time
1572,Fast paced and US based can make for long hours
1574,"little dated technologies, not very update to date with tech stack"
1588,"No cons with salesforce, its a really good place to work"
1592,"Very volatile structure, which is due to the innovation aspect of the business but can be challenging to follow."
1596,"Work distribution is done very ADHOC level. Its both Pros as well as Cons. Pros for a person who is in the team for quite sometime, Con for a new joinee who does not know what task to pickup."
1599,"A lot of internal stuff at the beginning, need self-discipline to focus on what is important for the customer and the business"
1600,Not a great work/life balance
1604,"Demanding, Competitive, Subsidiaries not as good as HQ."
1606,excellent customer experiences and knowledge of what I have
1612,Salesforce is becoming a very large company which can bring complexity
1621,Salesforce is a big company and often we have challenges regarding quick inspection and adaption. Sometimes changes take time.
1629,Work can be very challenging and stress is around the corner. Pressure to deliver and overtime are common..
1646,"Everything about salesforce is good, cant think of any cons"
1653,sometimes you work long hours
1657,- QA mindset is still in early stages -
1658,Too many hours Work and work No life
1663,Nothing major. Can be better in terms of work life balance for manager and above.
1668,- office location (Dublin) - quality of HR - lack of clarity in important communication
1672,"Work distribution is done very ADHOC level. Its both Pros as well as Cons. Pros for a person who is in the team for quite sometime, Con for a new joinee who does not know what task to pickup."
1674,Slowly the processes become very enterprise like
1682,"- fast,changing, challenging (positive competition) - endless meetings and call ( management resort to send official email refrain conducting business related meeting on Friday.Digital detox)"
1684,Boiler room. Not great work life balance
1688,"Information overload. Having an already impressive world of solutions, with new updates, apps, integrations, or products coming up every month, is almost impossible to stay on track about all you should know. The resources are limitless and helpful but you can get lost in a huge ocean of data that can lead to a little bit of desperation. Easy to fall in an only work mindset life, and it will be your fault, not the company's. Moving into Dublin (not the most exciting and cheap city in the world) for a job will already tell enough about you. This is a demanding job with a lot of freedom and perks from the company (the company and the management are the number 1 rest, holiday and work/life balance importance praisers) but if you want to do a good job and perform as you are coming here to, expect to work very long hours and days, especially in the beginning. Don't expect to be a free bird as you used to be, probably never. Targets are ambitious and so is your compensation and benefits, so expect to be tied tight and monitored on a very regular basis. With the working from home, it has been more accentuated that some might confuse it with micromanagement. Never is enough. Like any other sales company in the world, no matter how much you sell or work, you can always be asked to do little more. Take ownership of your pipeline and expect not to get the foot out of the gas pedal until the holidays break, no matter at which number you at. The party is almost over. If you are coming from an startup, you should see Salesforce as that older brother that used to be in all of the parties getting into its mid 30's. He knows what the fun is about but is now switching into a more responsible lifestyle and will only join those parties once a month let's say."
1694,Work life balance Frequency of Promotions
1697,The company has continued to add new products or diverse its offerings which can make the Core AE role challenging at times to continue to add value.
1701,The salary is not as competitive as other tech companies
1707,"My experience was very good. As other tech company, in Salesforce time goes at light of speed, so take in consideration if it is aligned with your expectations"
1711,the benefit is not the best in Ireland
1714,Can get very boring. But great people to work with
1716,Management needs to be more cooperative
1719,"It's a bit overwhelming at first as there is loads to learn, but they help you break it down and learn at a pace you are comfortable with"
1720,over flood of data and tutorials aimed at connecting you to Salesforce culture
1726,Very intense politics. No shuttle facility
1728,"Work life, Politics, Company size, HQ centric"
1730,This is the best org to work for.
1740,"Extremely fast-paced environment, no other cons to detail!"
1748,Commented to the work task
1749,"-huge work to prepare the panel, but really interesting exercice to go deeper on Salesforce details"
1752,"Salesforce is fast paced and high growth, expect change regularly"
1755,Work not interesting Managers are disconnected
1758,boring at times and may be need more visibility then work for few things
1763,"As a member of an acquired company, I expected a bit of turbulence during the turnover period, but the disruptions were more significant than I expected. I feel a bit of loss for the culture I joined with. Advancement is a bureaucratic and slow process. To retain staff, they should look into offering benefits that are easier to access, investing in the employee experience in meaningful ways, and prioritizing movement towards and access to advancement."
1775,last year a lot of new manager layer
1776,You have to be prepared for long hours.
1788,not very flexible for wfh
1789,A fast learner and a good leadership
1792,long hour working working on holidays
1793,"If I have to list a con, and emphasis on the 'have to', I'd say it requires a lot of effort. You have to want to work here for much, much more than just a pay check. This is place that wants to make a difference, and the level of dedication it serves to this mission is reflected in every single employee. It breeds a strong, thriving, and rewarding environment. TL;DR work hard, play hard"
1799,It is not always warm in the building
1800,Really fast paced environment with constantly changing priorities
1808,Very fast pace and demanding..
1812,"You need to do hard work, and some of tools out of your hand as nature of your role!"
1816,Work can go up during release weeks
1820,Little less in terns of Innovation
1827,no cons salesforce it the best
1836,Metrics can be intense sometimes and a grind.
1840,"- Many teams have outdated tech stack, especially that deal with legacy applications. Choose team wisely."
1842,Work life balance can be better
1851,"- A pro and a con at the same time - very fast paced environment with many changes on a regular basis - organisational, processes etc."
1853,None to share. I had a great experience with Salesforce so far.
1856,Very quick pace and difficult onboarding process as it’s so busy
1861,- Extremely competitive environment - Sales force
1863,It has a less collaborative working culture
1871,Career progression minimal if you want to aspire to more
1874,- No travel opportunities - Low bonus
1888,"None whatsoever. Love, love, love Salesforce!!"
1891,"High workload, especially during quarter-close."
1895,"Tech stack , work quality, less growth in terms of learning."
1897,The patches are getting smaller however they have more solutions you can sell and specialize in and there is always opportunity.
1898,Salesforce moves fast but you play a small part in a big org
1904,Lacks a bit of structure because it has a couple of years since it opened here
1918,not so good tech stack
1922,Shift timings for support engineers.
1926,More working hours Always up to date
1930,More working hours Always up to date
1931,-Super hectic job -Not great work life balance very pressured enviroiment -Dont offer flexibility in working from anywhere they want their employees to work remotely from Dublin
1939,* After some time its a mundane work which looses the interest
1945,staff benefits pay timely respect for the all staff members time strictly for all employer overall good compony
1951,getting more cutthroat on T & E to take customers out. Moving to the all-digital world is conflicting to sales reps that are used to F2F relationship building and corporate travel. Big targets
1953,difficult to achieve goals. Very high goals
1958,The patches are getting smaller however they have more solutions you can sell and specialize in and there is always opportunity.
1959,"- Moving away from Salesforce is a challenge. Only a handful of companies are willing to provide something comparable to SF. - Company growth happens at a high pace, so one needs to update themselves (technical and non-technical)."
1960,Salesforce moves fast but you play a small part in a big org
1962,Salesforce isa wonderful company to work
1966,There are none here at Salesforce that I have experienced yet.
1970,None to be honest. They have great people and a great product
1973,"Demanding, no remote work, fast growth"
1976,More corporate culture with growth
1977,focused on costumer satisfaction marketing automation customer services
1988,To result focussed - little eye for the emotions of humans
1992,To meet in person in office
1993,Time management and balancing work and admin time can be a challenge
1997,"perfectionist, slow work, pro active, technical"
2009,90% of employees at Salesforce say it is a great place to work compared to 59% of employees at a typical
2010,Mostly suitable for persons that love changes
2016,Fast paced company Periods with high peak workloads
2017,i´m not working enough time to provide feedback about cons
2021,Often very busy and managing multiple tasks
2032,"Super fast paced environment, policies and technology changes all the time. Work Life balance is a challenge."
2035,"The pace can be so fast, far too many enablements. Daily changes"
2042,Work intensive and quite challenging
2055,We cannot ask for surveys to the customers for which spiff amount is provided.
2056,There is no cons about Salesforce. Because everything is excellent
2057,"Can get stressful, especially toward of a quarter."
2061,work load and work life balance
2062,Really important to land strong sales territorry
2064,Emphasis on San Francisco headquarters
2065,"Sometimes you feel like you are on your own, and have to figure things out. Not a lot of 1:1 development, you have to feel out what you want from your manager Not always sure I am ""on the right track"" The pace of change is fast, especially with acquisitions It's not a great job for anyone who needs constant reassurance, you will do best if you are a go-getter and can network on your own with your teams. Hours can be long depending on the time of year for customers"
2068,Complex sales cycle and a lot of products to sell - which is why working here is like a sales MBA
2074,- Slow development - Lot of processes - Distributed teams
2077,"There is a lot of pride in Salesforce's culture, which can often feel a bit cult-like. I joined Salesforce through an acquisition, and the leaders at the acquired company seemed much more used to tough questions than leaders that I observed at Salesforce. There's also a lot of internal training stuff through their internal trailhead platform that seems more time-consuming and less value-packed compared to other companies I've worked at."
2080,-company is growing so fast that it’s getting harder to be nimble
2087,Competitive landscape. Hard to get a promotion
2091,"Remote working is challenging however, company is seeking to reopen safely"
2093,slower tech development and release cycles
2094,Lot of critical priorities in flight at the same time
2104,Everything good in salesforce part
2105,competition often pays more than SFDC
2109,"During my tenure, my territory changed 4 times in 20 months. It is hard to set up your sales team for success with the constant changes. The go to market strategy makes sense for our customers but internally its a cluster when the core is in charge of everything regarding the customer."
2113,"I think there are things we can continue working on as a team and we already do, for example, making our applicant tracking system more efficient."
2114,Pace of work Constant change US-centric Otherwise Very few
2116,Self Service company makes it tough for some folks with big egos.
2126,"Policies and people don't always match up. The company is so large, there is no one to pick up the phone and ask a question to. Everything is knowledge article driven and often takes 5X longer to search and sometimes not find the correct answer. Frustration is daily with the size and how robotic a once caring company has become."
2127,Long hours and heavy quotas A lot of meetings and so much expectation around self improvement Not an easy place to navigate career wise if you come in thru sales Pay is low for tech Work life balance is a myth
2128,"- Intense & competitive, at times - Strong imbalance of workload across employees - Sales-driven culture"
2130,Support gets less benefits than other departments which leads to some unhappiness.
2137,-company is growing so fast that it’s getting harder to be nimble
2142,Lot of critical priorities in flight at the same time
2143,Promotion doesn’t come with such a great raise so it’s a bummer
2144,This is a high growth industry and the company is growing at double digits; be prepared to deal with stress that comes with working for best in class organizations.
2145,"Long hours, demanding, competitive/can be difficult to get promoted"
2164,very busy fast paced but people are supportive and sympathetic
2167,"BDR is a grind. Metrics increase YOY, with every little thing being measured there is always something to improve upon. Sometimes it feels like you're just a cog in this massive machine, but that's the sacrifice you have to take to get into a company as amazing as Salesforce"
2169,Very high metrics to hit and a lot of people management
2180,getting addicted to such lovely culture is also not great thing. wish every company treats their employees the way Salesforce does!!
2182,- lightening fast company - on call all the time
2186,"The company culture is all about sales sales sales. It's a good place for people in sales, but it can be a culture clash for people on the tech side of the house."
2187,"With some 60,000 employees, my opinions are just what I see and experience in my little piece of Salesforce. Different areas of Salesforce may have different management styles."
2190,Benefit and compensation are not that competitive compared with other bay area technology companies. No meal and sneak is limited.
2191,"Long hours, very aggressive goals and some competition without collaboration. In person stuff is the only meaningful way to grown and connect."
2194,The process followed for promotion is inconsistent and there is a significant title inflation
2198,"Remote onboarding is a little impersonal. Not much to be done in these times, but you lose the sense of community with remote onboarding."
2199,"Sometimes you feel like just a number, very limited in the account to receive which limits your ability to use all of your talents."
2204,one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven
2207,"Constant pressure to win new business every month. I understand that is the name of the game in sales. But we put customer relationships at-risk in the long-term because we are constantly asking them to upgrade or buy something more ""now"" instead of on their timeline. Long term relationships are more valuable than a quick deal just because our month is about to close."
2208,Definitely need a cafe in the some of the offices ;)
2211,-Hard to network virtually -Must practice great time management skills
2214,"more healthcare options, bonus starting to decrease"
2215,"Company grows very quickly, sometimes can feel like another number"
2216,"Like many companies rapidly growing, Sales runs the show."
2217,"super corporate, work/life balance is tough"
2222,Not the best base pay in the business.
2226,Large company leads to expected slowdowns in processes
2240,"The hours can be tough and the pace of work is ridiculous. The job will suck your soul if you are lower level, but seems much better once you move up the ranks. In order to be the best, you must do the most and work the hardest; not necessarily be the smartest. Initiatives like 'well-being' mandatory days off 1 time per month make life worse not better. They also offer unlimited time off, but nobody uses it because you'll quickly fall behind if you take even a single day off."
2242,"Like many companies rapidly growing, Sales runs the show."
2243,"Can be a ""what have you done for me lately"" type of deal despite having a really good month/months"
2245,Integration as an acquired company has been slow
2246,"The company culture is all about sales sales sales. It's a good place for people in sales, but it can be a culture clash for people on the tech side of the house."
2251,"Sometimes you feel like just a number, very limited in the account to receive which limits your ability to use all of your talents."
2256,"Company grows very quickly, sometimes can feel like another number"
2257,"super corporate, work/life balance is tough"
2272,Too many products and life as core solution engineer is demanding
2275,- Slow pace as is the nature of enterprise technology - Internal developer tools could use some work - High-caliber intern and new grad class can often feel competitive - New grad program events and mentorship isn't as great as the intern experience (which is stellar)
2279,Very competitive and challenging external environment
2281,"Office perks are less than similar companies in the area. Don’t expect catered breakfast or lunch. Offices in SF are nice but they’re still just offices, with the same layout on every floor and few areas for having quiet or privacy. They are working on diversity, but the higher up you go the more white and make it is."
2285,"Fast paced, sometimes work can get stressful"
2315,"Can be a ""what have you done for me lately"" type of deal despite having a really good month/months"
2319,-Promotion process is messy -Constantly working
2332,"Long hours, Broad product offering, Account transitions"
2338,Preferential treatment to office employees Limited time to train given workloads Product gap between vision and reality
2339,So many changes with leadership and accounts it can be challenging to establish the depth of relationships needed to drive enterprise level deals to success.
2343,"San Francisco, Large Company, That's it"
2346,- The comp structure is convoluted; there are some metrics that you can control and others you are at the mercy of the AE you're setting meetings for
2354,- Fast pace and pivots can be challenging to navigate - Poor work/life balance
2355,Really none! It's very fast-paced and drinking from the firehose. But that's to be expected anywhere in tech!
2362,Remote work can sometimes be challenging
2363,Lots of room to improve on diversity
2368,More locations outside of San Francisco
2369,contractors are given the responsibilities of full-time employees and sometimes stay in roles for YEARS but they are not given any of the benefits of full time employees. there is lots of redundancy in people's jobs - feels like i meet a new person every other day that has the same role as me yet we don't collaborate on projects. left arm doesn't know what the right arm is doing at times. teams and reporting relationships are illogical and disorganized because people get promoted without regard for how it disrupts the bigger picture. the pace of things is sometimes way too fast - it is helpful to stop and smell the roses and slow down a bit rather than plow full speed ahead just for the sake of innovation. and the company can be a little cult-like and self-important. lots of emphasis is focused on public speaking and flashy slide decks and celebrity. the beauty of a slide deck and a well-written speech is sometimes valued more than the quality of the work.
2378,"Very political, under valued on short staffed team"
2380,Difficult to uphold mission and values With size of company.
2381,Remote work can sometimes be challenging
2382,Lots of room to improve on diversity
2390,"sales leadership, sales, constant change,"
2393,It take some time to understand all of the solutions and offerings. Getting used to process takes a while
2400,Company is good and good work culture
2404,"Grueling work and at an extremely fast pace, but at the same time, Salesforce encourages employees to focus on wellbeing"
2406,- Big Company Politics - Higher Managers who's ego get in the way of innovation
2413,"good work life balance, good perks"
2416,"- despite focus on equality, can be very left-leaning rather than truly promoting diversity of thoughts and opinions - hard to get to know people from other roles and departments and learn more about what they do - training/enablement can be disorganized at times, but some of that is to be expected due to the fast-evolving nature of the industry and software offerings"
2424,Focus on Sales and Pipeline
2426,Accelerated speed of learning may not be suitable/comfortable for all
2428,Remote work can make you feel isolated at times from the larger company.
2429,- Moves super fast all the time with no room to settle - Unclear growth paths
2436,Big company with big company values
2455,"Steep learning curve for folks from other industries; success is tied to relationships, so can be challenging for introverts to navigate"
2462,"The company is trying to keep growing at a phenomenal pace, and sometimes that means incentives focus on sales over service"
2465,"Direction keeps changing, can be stressful sometimes especially with global offices"
2468,few are able to be promoted
2469,Hard competiton and many hard hours
2471,Accelerated speed of learning may not be suitable/comfortable for all
2473,- (for me) travel time from Peninsula to San Francisco.
2478,Challenging to be remote and build your brand
2481,some days can be long
2489,"1. HQ/San Francisco based employees have best opportunities and benefits (Promotions, SF based employees only events, access to resourcing, etc). 2. Monthly and Quarterly grind is like no other company. Company has maniacal focus on growth to maintain their leadership position in most if not all of their markets. 3. Major shift recently in the Sales organization that are disrupting account ownership and new Sales Reps journey. 4. Lower % Sales Reps are making their number."
2492,There is very little diversity within the company
2493,Feast or famine with quota attainment (less than 20% attainment on a team). Everything is based on your territory and Manager. Everyone has the some quota regardless of the location of patch and quality/quantity of accounts. Pay is not competitive and is very low compared to industry. Majority of your time will be spent helping unhappy customers.
2500,"CSG leadership is very political. I had a VP who was not transparent on promotions and had his favorites. Lacked vision within my org and true understanding of how to develop a true service. I felt very lonely, disconnected and lost trust due to the politics. I always thought I had the golden handcuffs at Salesforce. Not true! Ultimately, I was recruited away and it was a blessing in disguise. I am happier, found my smile again and propelling in my career. My new employer values me and my contributions. In addition, but subsequent, pay much higher, RSU refresh."
2502,Frequent reorg makes the promotion hard.
2508,"The company and its products and services can be a bit daunting to comprehend for new employees coming in from outside the data / IT world. Though the company does give a ""Salesforce 101"" presentation during orientation, it still takes some time (6+ months) to completely acclimate to the firm and its operations, process, way of work, etc."
2509,"Very large organization, can feel overwhelming"
2516,Minimal cons. Sometimes it's difficult to understand how large the Salesforce ecosystem because there is constantly so much growth and changes.
2518,"Content can be dry, not as exciting as other consumer products available today, team doesn't have the most cohesive feeling, people aren't really friends outside of work they go home immediately at 5."
2522,Big company with lots of processes
2525,"There are really no cons. It's a fast-paced environment; however, everyone is willing to pitch in and help with questions or anything else you need."
2526,Work life balance can be tricky to manage but widely supported as it should be.
2527,Seating arrangements are not the best but they’re working on making it better for everyone
2535,"Not really a con as a thing to think about. Working in open seating can be tough when the office is busy for some people. There are a lot of private conference/focus rooms but most get grabbed quickly during peak times. That being said, culture is very flexible at working from home"
2537,It can take a while before you absorb Salesforce way of doing things and are able to contribute.
2544,"None so far, a lot of training"
2547,Large company with lots of politivs
2549,"Nothing comes to mind, keep up the great work."
2560,"Very quick moving environment (acquisitions, team or product changes, realignments) . Not all teams operate at same level of expertise so managing co-prime and core relationships can be as difficult or more difficult as managing customer relationships. Although, likely true for any other enterprise software sales org."
2563,Resourcing (tools/headcount) in light of increasing growth of the company.
2569,Rapid company growth can be overwhelming.
2574,Rapid company growth can be overwhelming.
2578,"Have you ever felt like just a number to a company? Well once you start your job at salesforce you become just one of the many thousands of AEs they have hired. You will be given a territory that will ultimately dictate how well you perform. Some AEs are given 2-3 territories while others are given just one. Regardless of your territory, you will have the exact same quota as those with larger ones. Its a numbers game to management. Your manager will want 2-3 of his or her AEs to do really well while everyone else struggles. You will have a monthly quota, your manager will be tasked with grinding you every month for every last dollar possible you can bring in. Not to mention 3 quarter ends and 1 year end, which many managers make you feel like the world is ending thereafter. Forget about a vacation at month end, quarter end or god forbid you have to miss January 31st."
2581,So much gossiping here across teams
2582,"***FOR SALESFORCE.ORG*** -we work hard but I'd say we maintain a solid work/life balance -HQ is located in San Francisco, so unless you have rent control it's quite an expensive city to live in! -High expectations of performance from Sr Management (however I find this as an interesting challenge and motivating)"
2583,"sales leadership, sales, constant change,"
2585,"The salaries are lower than our competitors, and they shouldn't be the case, given how great everything else is at the company."
2594,Company's fast growth and expectations from employees to meet the goals may stifle innovation and culture at times
2600,"If you assigned accounts/territory is good, the position is good. If not, you will not last long."
2604,The fast paced environment challenges a good work life balance Management changes are frequent and the related politics make for an unhealthy work environment in some teams
2612,"This is a big company that focuses mostly on B2B tech, so it can feel very corporate. Vibe depends on which division you're in."
2614,Too large of a company to feel important. Lack of transparency between the different level of management
2616,"Nowadays, things are completely different as ET gets 100% assimilated into Salesforce. It's a shame that the orange culture we all loved is going by the wayside. A large number of people have recently been laid off as part of the integration, and the company culture is just much less warm and innovative. Now it takes many levels of bureaucracy to get things done and it's more of a cutthroat environment."
2617,Achieving work-life balance is difficult under the pace the company is moving.
2618,Benioff is insane and is busier with philanthropy than anything else
2619,"- Management good. However, there is room for improvement. - Changing priorities are frequent - Very little, or no opportunities for advancement at Director level"
2624,"High-Expectations, Ever-Changing, Remote, Corporate, Lack-of-Transparency"
2628,"First, it's NOT a startup, and while the company seems to have a great future ahead, it's not a fast-growth place where you're going to get catered meals, massages, and toys to play with every day. This shouldn't be a problem, but since the HQ is in San Francisco, people are reminded of all the perks and opportunities that abound just around the corner (or in Silicon Valley). Also, while the company is a great place to work, it tends to favor extraverts and people who desire to move up or who want to do lots of things outside their current job role. Being surrounded by ""movers"" like this can be exhausting if you're one who wants to be ""comfortable"" and seeks to achieve work-life balance."
2630,Rapid growth means learning as you go sometimes.
2635,- On boarding is a bit overwhelming...but thats normal anywhere. They do the best job they can making you feel welcome. I was happy with my on boarding.
2636,"Salesforce has an interesting way of recognizing and measuring success, which is mostly driven by tooting your own horn. The practice of ""building you brand"" is more important to your career than doing intelligent and meaningful work. The company is driven by sales and this causes unrealistic expectations on both the sales side as well as product rollout. Many (but not all) of the low to mid level managers are either unqualified or strive too hard to please superiors. The company is more focused on showing and telling about how great it is than actually being great."
2637,"I am only giving the company three stars because while I enjoyed the perks of working for a well respected, game-changing company, I also did experience some negative experiences due to incompetent management, a high rate of turnover, and a limited amount of growth within the company. I felt as though there was a lot of brown nosing going on, and the politics was a huge reason for my departure. I also encountered more than 5 managers in my 2 1/2 years there which was disconcerting."
2644,"- too much training - managers care about you - i've made too many friends - wait, these are all Pros"
2646,"For enterprise sales and operations, need to mature and better align with enterprise customers buying/budget cycles. Can't expect customer to buy every month when large enterprise buy once every 1-3years."
2648,"Long hours, unending change in process and territories. Super aggressive timelines mean we don't usually get to do our best work."
2654,"Not really seeing much equality at least for my team. Focus is always on HQ folks or team members located in same office with manager. No matter how much hardwork, time, effort & success stories long serving regional folks have, promotions & opportunities always go to HQ & new hires."
2656,functional teams are huge and everyone's role is very specific/limited to one particular area. work gets boring over time
2658,"Getting started is still rough. Weeks of training, setting up your computer, waiting for other people to give you access to resources you need, and finding out information about anything is tough. We use chatter and google docs to keep track of random information like where to get a company phone or what API to use for integration with such and such. But both resources are a conglomeration of obsolete and inapplicable information. While we do pride ourselves on having an open culture, it isn't necessarily a very exciting, friendly or personal culture. You're generally free to do what you like, but many (maybe most) teams don't go to lunch together and aren't friends with each other. They just have small talk and do what it takes to get the job done well. Since your team is who you're with all day and who you talk to most of the time, it's kind of important. I wish it was the other way around, where my team was wanted to talk too much and spend more time hanging out than I did. The employees are kind of old here, so it's just not what I'm used to I suppose. Also, spoiled as I already am here, I will always be jealous of companies that have free cafeterias because I can't cook."
2660,Moved to Indy from Ann Arbor. Indy was not too exciting and little other tech employers. My partner and I ended up with great jobs in Chicago with much better pay and benefits.
2661,Your success in sales is highly dependent on your patch(account base) which is hard to predict coming in the front door. The intensity of the company is great but the work/life balance if off as the demands of the job creep into all aspects of your life. Sales quotas go up every year and territories decrease which can be hard to keep up with. The product offering is getting more and more complicated and hard to keep up with. Management changes all the time as I had four managers in a span of 18 months. Their product offering while extensive does not do well in certain verticals so make sure your accounts are in those good verticals. The core CRM product is too complicated and not intuitive as they make it seem.
2664,Not a lot of HR and employee support. Lots of department silo's and duplicate functions in different groups.
2667,"Have you ever felt like just a number to a company? Well once you start your job at salesforce you become just one of the many thousands of AEs they have hired. You will be given a territory that will ultimately dictate how well you perform. Some AEs are given 2-3 territories while others are given just one. Regardless of your territory, you will have the exact same quota as those with larger ones. Its a numbers game to management. Your manager will want 2-3 of his or her AEs to do really well while everyone else struggles. You will have a monthly quota, your manager will be tasked with grinding you every month for every last dollar possible you can bring in. Not to mention 3 quarter ends and 1 year end, which many managers make you feel like the world is ending thereafter. Forget about a vacation at month end, quarter end or god forbid you have to miss January 31st."
2668,Work life balance can sometimes be a challenge.
2669,"Work-Life balance is very difficult to achieve in Sales organization. Constantly changing management with lots of Oracle culture seeping into Salesforce and it's not good. I feel like I'm back at Oracle now - not fun. This was not the case when I joined Salesforce 3 years ago. Many Oracle managers have not embraced the Salesforce culture, and have increased demands on sales performance, micro-managing, excess administrivia. The workload has increased with staffing not keeping pace. Over-sized workload is contributing to employee burn-out and compromising performance. And it's getting worse. Nothing matters but $$$ to most managers hired from Oracle. Loved the company when I started but my opinion has soured over the last 1-2 years."
2673,Fast moving. Lots of change.
2674,- Monthly cadence can be a challenge - Territories can be tight
2677,Diminishing respect for Sales Engineering Profession. Less compelling career opportunities. Lagging customer success. Overly aggressive sales culture. Low-quality account executives.
2688,"As the company has gotten larger, more politics and expanding into realms outside its legacy technologies, is on a learning curve/culture change..."
2690,"Much focus on Velocity and my suggestion is to emphasis on Quality, teams still learning on service fundamentals, some of the engineering areas is little behind when compare to other tech companies."
2691,Can be more focused on sizzle/marketing than on results. Important to be well-connected & have senior exec patronage for success.
2695,Automation is given a very high high priority because of which customer centric thought process is taking a less priority from a quality perspective.
2696,"Transitioning from a startup to an established enterprise corporation and learning new processes that used to work but don't, now that we have scaled and grown."
2700,"The company is growing at a rapid speed, and so should work on aligning goals for different teams going into multiple directions. But we are improving"
2707,Not much really. It is a very fast paced environment when many may not like. But works great for me.
2709,At it's busiest it's all-consuming but part of that is everyone wants to give 110% of all time because they love not only the company but who the work with. Team's are tight-knit.
2710,this is a hot box environment and you need to be fast and furious to carve out your space and performance in the company.
2711,Fast paced environment means there's no time to sit back and relax.
2712,Big company Layers of complexity New products and solutions acquired frequently
2713,"They want fresh minds in order to mold them into the ""Salesforce"" way. It's more important to build your brand and network internally rather do your job. No communication is shared about the sales process and they will continuously throw curveballs at you."
2718,remote employees such as me struggle to find info and support from headquarters.
2719,"no life - between the work load and company events, say goodbye to your personal life."
2721,Lack of HR functionality and very hard to advance the career
2722,"- Fast pace and high pressure are a common thread throughout the company, which can make it hard to balance the demands of family life"
2742,Satellite office doesn't allow for much advancement. You need to relocate to grow and advance within the company.
2743,Start stop hiring is a pain. Premium placed on presentation of ideas and rhetoric versus content and rigorous analysis. Political environment.
2744,Highest turnover company in Fortune 500. Lots of politics and benefit is not great compare to other silicon valley companies.
2745,Sales held to a different standard than the rest of the company and the exterior perception.
2751,Inside sales is high pressure and a lot of call center type of sales
2752,"Hired to be creative, but sat in meetings all day. Creative content is soul-sucking."
2753,"Management wants to get great survey scores from clients, but tied our hands on budget/scope on engagements with no wiggle room"
2755,- some of the new products they have added confuse the messaging - chatter product over played - sales territories can be very small
2758,"Very political, more interested in number and looking like people are doing thier jobs then actually focusing on ROI and moving the company forward."
2762,Headquarters centric. Unless you're in San Francisco you don't get the same culture and its an uphill battle to get in with the top projects.
2768,The hours were long and tiring. People expect you to work more than your assigned hours.
2770,"strict badge policy, exclusive mobile app use"
2771,"Could be difficult to maintain healthy work-life balance, and salary rate is lower than average offer on the market for the same roles."
2772,"The salaries are lower than our competitors, and they shouldn't be the case, given how great everything else is at the company."
2777,Poor senior leadership. Make sure managers have development plans for getting employees to the next level. New senior need to better embrace and use the Salesforce products.
2782,Fast paced.Lwss Work Life balance
2786,Not good if you dont like to work hard and challenge yourself. To excel you need to put in the hours and have a desire to be a top performer. There are no free lunches.
2788,"I hear that politics and such exist at the higher levels, but that's fortunately not visible much at the individual contributor level. If you have a good manager, you don't hear of such things, and you get to just focus on your work and career. So perhaps this is really a 'pro' than a 'con.' Priorities can and do shift regularly. It's really a part of the nature of software development. Top-down changes of directions can and do occur, though most have been huge successes. If you want a place where you go off into a corner and code on one thing for months or years, then Salesforce.com is not the place for you. Everything is collaborative, and you must be able to work well in a team. If you don't, then you'll hopefully learn quickly :-). Work-life balance can be difficult to achieve if you are eager to help everyone who comes your way with questions. It's really a matter of self-discipline to achieve a work-life balance, and it's almost all within your control."
2789,"-Work/life balance can be a challenge here, the company is very nimble (upper management) but do not consider downstream affects and operationally, can be very difficult to accommodate -Upper management usually does not care if you need to move mountains to accommodate their needs -Depending on your team, there is really little collaboration and teamwork, feels like every man for himself -The company focuses a lot on the sales org but very little on internal operations or internal groups which makes it hard to feel motivated to work here -This is the first job that i've ever had that I feel like I NEED to work during my vacations"
2793,"Many different scrum teams brings up its own challenges, sometimes other teams will add work to your backlog and you will be required to sign off without much notice, siloed information across different units"
2796,To many SILO's Need better overall management in TechOps Invest in newer technologies Do not re-invent wheel; do not try to become Google/Facebook/Twitter....Salesforce has different business and SLA's with customers to meet customer business requirements. Customers rely on Salesforce to run there businesses.
2798,"Really fast paced environment with shifting and unclear priorities. The company values are clear, figuring out how to get there isn't always clear."
2803,"""Ol Boy Network Structure"" live and well."
2809,Lack of diversity and equality; heavy emphasis on referrals contributes to this
2814,work on weekends for the company.
2819,The fact that there are multiple buildings dispersed throughout San Francisco makes it difficult to collaborate across teams. Some meetings feature a Go To Meeting or phone call with someone a ten minute walk away.
2822,"Slightly unorganized, cross-department communication challenges, hard work-life balance, promotions constantly being given to upper management. Work-life balance can be very hard--not sure if this is the place for someone who only wants to work 8-5, especially within Product and Services. Although they say you're only expected to work 40-hour weeks, the reality is that everyone will be working 45-60, sometimes more during certain times of the year."
2826,So many great ideas that some projects never quite get completed. A new product will get about 70-80% done and then the team moves on the next shiny new object.
2833,"Growing company size, more layers of management, decreased work patties"
2838,Getting bigger and need to stay hungry and lean
2842,great pay but stock refresh could be much better.
2851,"Lot's of product updates, changes so there is a ton of training which can be overwhelming."
2858,Expectations change daily and yearly
2861,Limited employee stock options and no personal offices.
2863,- Time to feel confident in role - Understanding all available resources
2864,There are so many goals to achieve at the same time
2870,high frequency team adjustment recently
2871,Long hours at times and a pressure for sales success.
2874,"My team was relatively small, so work-life balance became challenging to manage at times."
2879,tech stack. the core app is big
2880,"disorganized, poor integration of technology and systems"
2890,An extremely sales oriented organization
2892,- We rename our products a lot and innovate at warp speed. This can be difficult for staff & customers alike to keep up with. - High-power work environment that might not be right for everyone. We work very hard to consistently surpass our customer's expectations.
2893,tech stack. the core app is big
2895,Pace of work can be challenging
2898,"Micro management, highly challenging quota, strict diligence to Salesforce utilization, double standard of performance vs vacation time"
2900,Balance and work life is very hard
2904,Less opportunity to move laterally to different parts of company
2907,Heavy workload and working across global time zones can be challenging at times
2915,"Large company, changes often, can have beurocracy"
2925,internal upward mobility is increasingly difficult as the company is growing
2926,"Very demanding work, need more exposure to other teams"
2927,"Salesforce has grown considerably and this can change a culture, but it's adapted successfully to it's size."
2937,performance based culture so if thats not your thing for sales this is not your place!
2938,"Micro management, highly challenging quota, strict diligence to Salesforce utilization, double standard of performance vs vacation time"
2940,"Started during 1 month prior to Covid, which has impacted my ability to get face to face with customers and colleagues. Makes it more challenging to connect on a personal level."
2941,Company is so large that it is easy to get lost in the shuffle and to get meaningful work across the finish line.
2944,Decided they could hire two productive engineers for the price of one senior systems researcher
2953,Constant changes in processes and management
2955,I should have come to work here 5-10 years ago
2958,Have to keep up with changes and pace.
2959,"-very intense sales work environment -quotas very challenging to reach for certain sales territories, also greatly depends on AE alignment"
2960,"Intense sales culture, must work hard"
2963,very fast pace not for everyone
2965,"growing super fast, lower industry pay"
2969,long hours for sales reps
2972,"Politics, hard to get promoted"
2976,"Has become a large company. More rigor, more process."
2979,Competitive with other major vendors
2987,"San Francisco, Large Company, That's it"
2988,Everything is great here and nice people
2992,slave work never and off days you live their
3000,Very demanding environment for compensation
3012,I can't think of any cons for Salesforce
3017,It is a brilliant company
3025,"Work life balance, work from home policy"
3026,Becoming more corporate and long time in role before promo
3039,Less open source reliance on technologies. heavily propriety frameworks
3042,Work ebbs and flows. There can be long days/weeks depending on client needs.
3045,"Base pay is slightly lower than the market, but the flexible schedule and various perks make up for it."
3049,"As with most high growth companies, expectations are high and require significant hours"
3055,"Hours can be long, depending on the role"
3058,"No complaints, really amazing place to work."
3059,Too many weak managers. Very(!!) political. Fractured technology diminishes customer experience
3064,Preferential treatment to office employees Limited time to train given workloads Product gap between vision and reality
3070,Must be good with politics and make sure to have management who could back you up for a promotion
3077,Difficult to uphold mission and values With size of company.
3080,Work/Life Balance was a challenge
3088,Pace of Innovation can be exhausting Very hard to get a good work-life-balance Dynamic Growth of Employees putting strains on Employee Success and sometimes creates chaos
3090,Metrics for employees in support makes employee feel a bit pressure
3100,"We work way too much. It's not necessarily that there's management pressure for it, but we just feel passionate about the company and our work, so we end up working all the time. It takes conscious personal and management efforts to ensure we stick to not working, evenings, on weekends and holidays."
3107,Work life balance is a challenge but it is supported by management.
3109,Hard work and challenging environment. For many but not for all
3118,Not enough people know how awesome Salesforce is but the market is slowly becoming aware of what we do and the incredible impact we can have on their businesses and their customers.
3119,Some regions are managed poorly but everything goes really fast pace @ Salesforce so it doesn't last. Management need to be more balanced between regions.
3120,Very fast pace A lot of rules to follow
3125,hard work hard work hard work hard work
3145,"work life balance is blurred, travel a lot"
3156,"office location, food availability, company politics, work life balance, times of uncertainty"
3163,Great company with smart individuals and a lot of learning.
3165,Challenging sales environment - 1 in 5 hit target Limited career growth / progression for those early in their career Many resources diverted to handful of big global accounts
3171,It's hard work - but you'll be rewarded for it. Sometimes the US-rest of the world focus is a bit too visible!
3172,Structure for managing multi-national accounts still needs some refinement. Free chocolate
3175,"The work is tough and a lot is expected, however I wouldn't list this as a black and white con, as I believe that what we get in return is more than enough to justify workload."
3176,Huge amount of work for a small team
3185,Will be in Dublin City in a couple of years
3190,The pace is immense and can be overwhelming. You have to be disciplined in making sure you stop to take a breath! However the feeling of achievement balances this out.
3192,- Pace can be relentless sometimes - Short term focus - Economy flights to San Francisco
3193,No value for the knowledge
3194,Not many technology job openings in Singapore.
3197,"Keeping up with all the products, their seems to be a new product every other day. Also the drawers of snacks and treats are too tempting!"
3198,- Low work life balance
3199,"Equality: There is a good focus on equality which is good as it is needed. In my eyes there is a lack of female managers or managers that understand how to use the strengths of having woman in the sales team. Overall, all managers have a checkbox they need to complete by hiring or interviewing woman, I think in the end they will be better in also give specific trainings to managers on how to actually manage a woman better. Remote worker: The biggest downfall of SF. A remote worker means they expect you to be in the office on a weekly base, rather more than less. Being used to work with Lync or Skype, there is a lack of the internal technology (acceptance) to make remote workers more involved remote instead of face to face. Everyone is using google hangouts or GTM. Internal presentations and meetings in my eyes should be 80% of the time remote."
3206,"nothing, really great place to work"
3211,Hard working environment No more Cons
3212,Rapid organisational changes takes time to manifest.
3223,Would like a wider variety of benefits.
3227,Sales driven company requires to focus on Service as well
3233,You need to keep the focus on balance between personal and work life. It is easy to get crazy when you start as a new employee because there is so much information and it is so easy to get it.
3235,lost the human touch and focus more on system
3236,Work load is more. Trying to balance the work and personal space is difficult.
3238,"Mexico's office is growing very fast, we need more hands."
3239,Work Life Balance Lots of Prospecting
3245,Work can be extremely busy at times when preparing for the main events of the year: Salesforce World Tour Paris or Dreamforce.
3256,"-Even though there's a general relaxed attitude, you can feel pressure coming from multiple and different fronts demanding results -There's a general trend in the whole company to not respect working hours or when someone is on holidays, and to demand replies to emails and actions even though people are not working -One of the two offices in Dublin, Central Park, could be severely improved: having a proper canteen with lunch and breakfast menus, more parking spaces, more desks (there are 120 desks for over 300 account executives), more meeting rooms... -Some decisions coming from the top management lately have been done, in my impression, with the sense of being improvised and without the sufficient transparency towards the rest of the organisation."
3260,"With so many resources to access and great tools, Salesforce is highly process driven. The slight downside is that there is a need to maintain the personalised aspects of people management."
3268,Nothing to say any cons about this company as far as I feel comfort and greate place to work I think it would be better in future
3275,I like my job very much
3277,Little time to reflect as pace so fast
3286,"Challenges that arise when a company is growing in rapid space, having said that CXO takes excellent measures to minimize the same."
3288,"Salesforce is a global business with San Fran HQ. Working the timezones can be challenging sometimes, but this is also met with flexibility elsewhere."
3291,night shifts support work long hours
3299,"very few cons. You have to like change as it is a very fast growing company, and the pace of work can be challenging for some."
3301,Career progression and limited annual increases.
3304,"It's not for everyone. If you don't like change or to learn and develop your skills regularly, you probably won't be happy for long at Salesforce. Innovation and Development are their core values so think about if you can keep up."
3309,Some differences between countries / offices
3314,Getting bigger rapidly and becoming silos
3315,- Scope of improvement in doing Enterprise engagements - Some time tries to fit all in one size (can be more flexible)
3321,Long hours and travel mean time away from family . Flexible working hours and remote location working helps . Room to grow in channel is limited
3330,- Low work life balance
3334,- Rank inflation - Work culture varies team to team
3336,Due to rapid growth your team regularly changes.
3340,Perhaps better flexibility in managing customers.
3342,"The pace of the company can be exhausting at times, but that's what keeps it interesting."
3355,"Long days, Sr Leadership transparancy"
3356,parking is not great at location
3359,"No Cons, really good benefits"
3362,salesforce specific frameworks to work with
3364,no major cons in my exp
3372,Nonenot cons for this company
3375,"-Oversold the job during the interview process. -Poor Territory Alignment, Everyone has the same monthly goal (it is not based on your territory's prev year) -Terrible Customer & Technical support internally and externally for employees and customers. Be prepared to spend a majority of your day dealing with customer issues as an Account Executive"
3376,Work-life balance becomes a challenge
3388,Poor life work balance and slow career progression.
3403,"The learning opportunities are limited for the role that I worked for initially. But even then, the management is very supportive and encourage you to upskill/cross skill and move to different teams"
3404,Product integration with Core solution
3410,"No cons, Salesforce has done everything to make sure employees are welcomed in like a family"
3416,Fast pace and may be too full in for some
3424,"- OrgCS used as an internal support platform does come its headaches (OMNI) since the design is one-fit amongst a large number of different skills groups for differing products, however this is not a negative against the company, just a personal gripe with the software we use in support."
3430,Does take time to find your feet with the fast pace environment
3431,"-Health benefit can be improved, especially for serious illness, as well as capped benefits (e.g. GP, mental care) -High pressure like most big tech companies"
3439,Sometimes very stressful hours on weekends
3440,Everything is good and great
3446,Work is little more in support Have to consider many things and take up daily cases
3447,"Very slow-moving, and lots of beauracracy Surprisingly underpaid compared to other partners in the ecosystem"
3452,too fast speed to chase all things
3458,Long Hours but thats all
3464,Little support for career development
3467,"Many things to learn, need continuous active learning Wide skill and business knowledge requested"
3470,"Average salary for the area, not many clear possibilities for career progression in less than 5 years, not very experienced professional services staff."
3471,- Some of the Core AEs are not inspiring in leading the account team and yet very conceited. The problem is the company has a culture of having strong employee branding which may not be the true reflection of who is doing the real work. Some of the best contributing account team are behind the stage.
3477,Excellent culture and career opportunity
3481,The pay is fair but i see opportunity to be competitive as other companies
3486,Middle management from the northern beaches of Sydney are out of touch with the reality of customers.
3492,Company is getting bigger and starting to get siloed.
3493,you will be in love with salesforce
3508,"Long onboarding process, a lot of different products to get your head around but it offers a great learning experience. Territories are small, AE's don't tend to manage more than a few deals at a time."
3510,"A lot of information to take in, many tools and processes"
3515,Metrics can be intense sometimes and a grind.
3525,Technologies are changing day by da
3526,Some teams have maintenance based work.
3534,"Salesforce donates 1 percent of its software, 1 percent of its equity, and 1 percent of its employees' time to pay it forward. As a result, Salesforce has topped a list of workplaces that give back."
3542,Growing Pains Fast moving company Some clouds/solutions don't get the same care and attention as some others
3544,Manage a global team - long hours Quite political at times
3548,Highly demanding and challenging operations and businesses. Personal and work life balance is difficult to achieve.
3549,"Nothing as of now, everything is great."
3553,"Very slow-moving, and lots of beauracracy Surprisingly underpaid compared to other partners in the ecosystem"
3557,"Harsh onboarding, its long, about 2-4 months, but its the best school in the industry"
3559,hectic and time consuming work
3560,"Average salary for the area, not many clear possibilities for career progression in less than 5 years, not very experienced professional services staff."
3565,Work is little more in support Have to consider many things and take up daily cases
3570,"Workload can be consuming, prioritisation is important"
3571,"It has the cons of its pros. It is an extremely fast-pacing company, org structures change on a yearly basis, you need to be very adaptable and open to changes in your daily routine."
3577,"Nothing as of now, everything is great"
3581,cross time zone work sometimes made for long days
3583,"Canadian employee: - Canada is about the size of California, but different in multiple ways to the US customer base. So getting/developing localized content & resources can be a bit of work"
3593,Salesforce is now a huge organisation and has lost some of the start up dynamism it used to have
3594,Most of the development work that happens in India is boring and less challenging
3596,Lot of company mails and messages. Work life balance is a little challenge.
3599,"Services Department not so good , many better service based companies out there than Salesforce."
3602,Promotion path Travel Team location Few team building events Pressure of being excellent
3605,Promotion path Travel Team location Few team building events Pressure of being excellent
3609,"Nothing, this is the best company I have ever worked for"
3610,"Regular challenges of working in a global mnc, different time zones"
3611,You really need to build your path within the company to grow
3614,"It was very nice to work in IDFC FIRST BANK, we have been working in this bank for a long time, now it has been a long time so I want to change the company and this company is also very good, all work is done on time"
3637,Fast-moving nature of tech can make disconnecting from work more challenging
3639,1 - company is growing rapidly so things are constantly changed 2 - a lot of ambiguity around goals (per team) 3 - constant change in leadership 4 - when working with global teams you will find yourself working late/early hours 5 - lack of clear communication around true priorities. Everything seems urgent and high priority to leaders.
3641,Working remote can be challenging
3659,"Fast paced, hyper growth environment"
3670,Structured time in seat vs. performance-based promotions
3681,"If you don't find the right mgmt team I find it to be a ""Never Good Enough Environment"" where doing right by the customer is under valued."
3688,Structured time in seat vs. performance-based promotions
3693,Salesforce likes to innovate through acquisitions rather than engineering
3699,Fast growth with acquisitions provide some pain points
3702,not a good work life balance
3704,Salesforce historically has higher quotas With Salesforce being the #1 CRM you are expected to perform at your best everyday.
3709,"Mergers and acquisitions are exciting, but lead to constant change. Agility is required here! :)"
3710,Not enough prospects know the real power and value of Salesforce Industries
3711,Intense sales environment lots of org change
3713,- Very demanding - Nonrewarding - Work/life balance - High turnover
3720,Job satisfaction depends heavily on the org and team you are on…
3722,Work-life balance can be better
3724,Workload is larger than expected
3726,Can be a demanding and stressful job at times
3727,Extremely busy given high growth Meeting heavy culture
3731,"Started in the business development associate role, then SDR, then BDR, then AE and the process took around 2.5 years to get into a closing role"
3732,"Base pay is terrible. I was promoted to AE and got an 8% raise. I share that with a teammate of mine, and I found out she makes that already. Can be a thankless job. You are not a sales rep. You set meetings for your ae’s. You must call a ton a day, email a ton a day, and management is on you about metrics. If you take pto you have to make up the emails and calls. When you interview for promotions, you get no relief from your metrics so you can’t prepare."
3736,Some poor management. Lots of attrition. The work's not particularly interesting and the developer experience of working on platform is painful at times
3739,I've had wonderful leaders at Salesforce and leaders who had a lot to learn. Look for teams with leaders you trust and admire for the best experience.
3742,Salesforce is a large company with many layers Knowing leadership and getting on their good side matters the most for promotions It's extremely important that you get staffed on a tier 1 client - visibility and career progression
3744,Not the best job for everyone
3746,Compensation needs to be more competitive in order to retain top talen.
3748,Big company so it can be challenging keeping up with all the new additions You better be someone that actually likes (and embraces) change. It is a constant over here.
3751,- very large - compensation - equity refresh is uncommon
3756,"Salesforce is a big company that has been around for a while and with that comes less agility and more fixing tech debt, etc."
3757,Meeting sales goals and forecasting are an important part of the sales organization.
3759,Workload currently for some is overwhelming
3764,"I spend a significant amount of time troubleshooting source control, build, and test tools, which are often very slow. This doesn't seem to be unusual for large enterprise codebases, however, and the company has started making developer productivity a major priority."
3771,"Long learning curve, very complex and diverse company and business"
3773,"Long hours, company bonding, hard work"
3778,"team politics, no free lunch"
3779,"fast paced, compensation could be a little better to keep up with market"
3784,"There are not many downsides. The culture is really open and accepting. They are very accommodating to the needs of their employees, and they earn a significant degree of loyalty in return. Because this is such a great company, many people are willing to go the extra mile to keep this good thing going. There may be some mild challenges in terms of managing the culture internally, and ensuring that every group feels included, and part of the Salesforce family. Still, our leader ship clearly spends a lot of time focusing on the correct approach here, and ensuring that there are enough opportunities for people to connect with like minded coworkers, and to ensure that they are recognized and appreciated."
3789,- Technology updates every 6 months - Must be able to Adapt - Could be overwhelming if you're not tech savvy.
3790,Large company and team sizes
3798,Salesforce is a very large company and integrating all of its acquired companies has been a bit challenging.
3806,"Good work culture and awesome team but with so many changes all the time, tough to keep up"
3809,"This is a challenge, not a con, but there is a wealth of knowledge at your fingertips, thus it can be overwhelming to navigate all the integrated tools."
3814,"While quick pivots and adaptation are a strength of Salesforce, particularly Marketing, the frequency of change can also be its greatest weakness. I have had a higher than average number of managers, been through multiple reorgs, served multiple CMOs and GMs, and rewritten marketing plans multiple times a year. This puts strain on high performing teams to always deliver better results amidst constant ambiguity."
3818,Pace of innovation is slower than could be
3821,Your success will depend on these 3 factors in this particular order: 1. Territory 2. Timing 3. Talent Your territory patch will determine how successful you are at Salesforce. As an external hire you will not start with a good territory for your first year. Pay is also much lower compared to competitors.
3822,"- large company, easy to get lost"
3834,Felt Salesforce pushes points of view on their people.
3841,Work life balance can be challenging at times
3858,Will take as much of your time as you'll give it...often without recognition for extra efforts. Lots of time and energy on big events that feel like oversized pep rallys. Can be moved around like an interchangeable part.
3868,Work life balance could be interesting
3874,Slower career growth. Promotion is really manager and org dependent
3880,Career growth is very challenging.
3882,- Work life balance can be a challenge at times ( however very typical for high performing sales orgs )
3884,"I find it less socially satisfying to work remotely, but this is just the way things are these days. It also has many advantages. But I do miss the connections you make when you work for a small company."
3885,New to company and cannot opine now
3894,Workforce is increasing year over year & it's not great for recently acquired companies
3895,"Became increasingly corporate. I liked the small company I joined; and didn't love the one that I left. The leaders I loved are gone. As a sales leader, work/life balance is tough."
3897,Don’t forget your old employees when growing fast
3901,"weak base pay, currently remote"
3903,Not much career development you have to be your own boss and carve the path for your next steps
3911,Fast moving company acquiring new products. Constantly learning and yea hung sales how to position new products
3916,Boomeranging happens for comp changes
3927,Very demanding - while WLB is talked about - work load and expectations do not lend itself to balanced life style.
3928,Core AE's - 2 years min in role to get promoted
3930,Competitive with a lot of companies providing cheaper solutions
3931,N/A everything is good at salesforce
3933,It's a big company with many levels of management
3935,"Constant change and innovation... which means processes are in constant flux. There are so many programs, and training opportunities that it's easy to get distracted. Onboarding at the team level is somewhat unstructured, but its getting better (and I am helping.)"
3939,stress level can be very high
3946,Not really a con but a watch item is maintaining the great culture while the company continues to grow rapidly.
3950,Hard for career growth Favorites continued to get promoted
3954,Work pressure More meetings/ long work calls
3957,1. Work is fast paced. Initially it will take time to get into that mode.
3958,"- The job itself is not ""easy."" Because the company is always innovating, always bringing new products and solutions to market, and always striving to stay at the forefront of the most pressing business challenges and trends facing our customers, there's constantly new information we need to learn in order to be trusted advisors to the clients we support. It's a lot to learn and stay enabled on; this is a company that thrives on fast-paced change. - Additionally, because our platform literally does everything, there are a variety of ""point solution"" competitors big and small that we have to constantly stay one step ahead of. Fortunately, Salesforce invests in product specialists, competitive intelligence teams, and other resources to support you. - You can definitely make a lot of money here if you are a top performer. That said, I get the sense that our base salaries are less competitive than comparable software sales roles at other high tech companies. That's a tradeoff to working at the best company though. Once you work here, you can get hired wherever. In fact, many people leave the company in order to get a MUCH more senior role somewhere else, and then leverage that to come back to Salesforce at much higher role and salary band. Staying at Salesforce might mean that your upward mobility is slower."
3959,"A lot of products and sometimes not the right amount of support, lower comp then most other places but make up for it with ESPP and other perks"
3961,Still working on DEI work
3962,"Constantly changing things, hard to keep up sometimes with so much innovation!"
3969,"There is a lot of pride in Salesforce's culture, which can often feel a bit cult-like. I joined Salesforce through an acquisition, and the leaders at the acquired company seemed much more used to tough questions than leaders that I observed at Salesforce. There's also a lot of internal training stuff through their internal trailhead platform that seems more time-consuming and less value-packed compared to other companies I've worked at."
3970,It is a huge company with many processes in place.
3971,"The pace of work. While it's perfectly fine for me, the quick pace and ability to pivot might not be fore everyone."
3986,Long hours and lots of change
3989,Work pressure More meetings/ long work calls
3993,Lots to learn. Lots of resources to leverage. Fast-paced. Super-innovative tech.
3996,"I'm pretty sad only 50,000 people get to have the joy to work here. I am honored to be one of them."
3997,"Big companies processes , politics , new leadership"
4000,"Frustrating promotion structure and process, decreasing empathy for stresses and anxieties both inside and outside of work."
4012,"People managers have very limited budget to retain top talent, and equity is far from competitive. Even at annual review period in Feb 2022, very few “raises” even matched inflation for a proper COLA, let alone performance based award incentives. This makes it very difficult to keep the best people around long after their first couple RSU vests, as competing offers elsewhere are much more lucrative."
4017,Coworkers in different time zone
4022,"The work life balance has gotten absolutely horrible. The company acts like wellness is important, but the expectation has become to work endless hours and always be available to respond to notifications. The co-CEO structure is very odd and they have a strange dynamic. Also have heard rumors of a hiring freeze."
4027,Not really a con but a watch item is maintaining the great culture while the company continues to grow rapidly.
4035,"Not great pay A little “cultish” Leadership, team and accounts change frequently"
4037,"Pay, personal growth, skill growth"
4041,large company with little upward mobility
4052,For people who like to manage their own business Salesforce is not the place. They micromanage to an incredible level and have a very used car sales feel at times.
4053,Hard to get approval for conference speaking engagement The pace of work can be fast at times The type of work can be checkbox security at times
4063,Change is slower than expected in a tech company
4076,"The company grew very quickly, so there are often too many cooks in the kitchen. It can be overwhelming, and sometimes I feel like a cog in a wheel."
4081,"Many products in the salesforce ecosystem, as a salesperson, it can be difficult for my product to get the time of day"
4084,BIG company and getting bigger every year!
4089,"fast paced environment, constant changes"
4095,"Lack of platform improvements, turnover"
4098,"None so far, I am still very new to Sales force"
4099,No cons yet I love the company
4102,No annual stock refresh and some managers are very immature.
4111,Frequent releases and Internal politics
4119,Select a role that has high quota attainment
4120,You need to be driven by success to enjoy working here
4125,"Can get a bit mundane, can have faces of high stress"
4126,- Work/life balance can be eh sometimes
4133,"-As it is growing, some red tape has been introduced but is still much faster moving than any other company of its size."
4135,"large, steep learning curve, remote work can be challenging."
4144,"work life balance, work hours"
4145,At times it is hard to balance workload but mental wellness is encouraged above all.
4147,The pay could be higher and more competitive
4150,Not many options for growth
4152,Big company so it can be challenging keeping up with all the new additions You better be someone that actually likes (and embraces) change. It is a constant over here.
4153,busy and ever changing. Always challenging
4156,- Large company may be hard to get recognized for work - Currently lots of attrition with new recent acquisitions
4159,Very competitive and high-stress environment.
4164,Pay does not always align well with the long sales cycles associated with more complex solutions
4167,"In regards to the onboarding experience, I have absolutely none. I have never felt more cared for or empowered to be successful than I have here."
4169,Be prepared to work hard and step up to the plate (but know you will have so much fun along the way!)
4172,"work life balance, work hours"
4177,Can be rather stressful most of the time
4178,some promotion issues between teams
4180,"If you come in as a new sales rep you are going to get stuck in a terrible territory. Everyone knows that new comers have to generate business off the worst accounts, if you can make something out of nothing you can land in a great territory and this could be a rewarding job. If you land in a bad territory there's nothing you can do - all territories are set for 12 months. I'm on a team of 5-9 AEs and we have one SDR for support. At a world class sales org, you'd think you'd have more support to generate meetings and interest. Lots of cooks in the kitchen on every deal. You have Core CRM, Slack, Tableau, MuleSoft, Service Cloud, Experience Cloud and Marketing Cloud AEs on each account..."
4181,Pay could be slightly better but still very happy
4186,Tech stack needs to be updated
4189,- Felt like we missed out on some product training during the onboarding BUT Salesforce offers such a wide variety of products for us to help solve our clients needs if we did deep dive training on each it would be years before we got in front of clients and learning in the real world
4190,Base Pay could be better
4192,Ever changing direction and can value engineering more.
4197,"Almost too many resources, a lot to learn and manage"
4199,"Growth pains, navigating the org is a whole skill that takes years to learn"
4205,Base Pay could be better
4206,Ever changing direction and can value engineering more.
4207,"Salesforce is a big company that has been around for a while and with that comes less agility and more fixing tech debt, etc."
4208,"I'm pretty sad only 50,000 people get to have the joy to work here. I am honored to be one of them."
4209,"There are not many downsides. The culture is really open and accepting. They are very accommodating to the needs of their employees, and they earn a significant degree of loyalty in return. Because this is such a great company, many people are willing to go the extra mile to keep this good thing going. There may be some mild challenges in terms of managing the culture internally, and ensuring that every group feels included, and part of the Salesforce family. Still, our leader ship clearly spends a lot of time focusing on the correct approach here, and ensuring that there are enough opportunities for people to connect with like minded coworkers, and to ensure that they are recognized and appreciated."
4216,"For all the talk of ""beginners mind,"" the bottom ranks are ignored when it comes to innovation. They are expected to keep the Company brand as-is. Also, for all the amazing things this company does, there are a fair share of employees who are entitled and more interested what more their company can give them instead of doing good work."
4218,Lots of change which you have to like.
4221,- very large - compensation - equity refresh is uncommon
4222,"I truly can't name any. I will say that the level of work on a worldwide scale (timezone differences, working well async, and ensuring we avoid late hours for colleagues outside of the U.S. may be challenging, but they are actively being worked on)."
4223,There is a high workload and the company moves fast (these are both good and bad). Also being fully virtually and never having met my team in person it can be hard to form a tight connection and really make friends in the workplace.
4232,Some poor management. Lots of attrition. The work's not particularly interesting and the developer experience of working on platform is painful at times
4240,Getting promoted mid/senior level is hard
4248,Compensation needs to be more competitive in order to retain top talen.
4250,"The company moves very quickly, and if you don't put boundaries around your calendar, it will consume you. More of the job is learning how to navigate the resources to find the answer than having to create your own answers. At the end of the day, it is a large, global organization - so standing out requires creativity and perseverance."
4263,Salesforce is a large company with many layers Knowing leadership and getting on their good side matters the most for promotions It's extremely important that you get staffed on a tier 1 client - visibility and career progression
4269,"long hours sometimes, high pressure always"
4270,No Con as of now. I like Salesforce
4273,Typical large company navigation issues
4285,Seriously lack of diverse perspectives and diversity.
4292,"Lots to learn - you definitely will take 3-9 months to feel stable in your initial knowledge set As acquisitions are made, products take time to be integrated"
4294,Sometimes difficult to coordinate between many teams and align on visions in such a large company with interdependent products.
4295,Little bit hectic. you have to manage time well
4296,Fast paced and very competitive.
4311,It’s challenging to work on career development when the demands of work are so high.
4315,"If you don't find the right mgmt team I find it to be a ""Never Good Enough Environment"" where doing right by the customer is under valued."
4319,"Given the pace of change that we are leading, it can sometimes be overwhelming to keep up; however, they value self-care which helps you strike the right balance personally as well. It's large organization, so it takes time to learn who does what and what experts to turn to when you need help but everyone is willing to help when you get to them."
4323,So the cons at salesforce are pretty much
4330,Very competitive and intense in work
4334,Very high complexity of the technology stack.
4335,Work life balance can be tough at times.
4336,The pay is not super competitive
4339,Lot of late night hours
4341,Salesforce is one of those tech companies you hear about that talks a big game about diversity but when you look under the hood you'll realize that it's all just marketing. No real diversity in people or thought here.
4349,Work life balance can be difficult
4358,No negatives. Good work life balance.
4359,"fast paced, small micromanaging, high metrics,"
4360,"It's grown a lot and connections require more work to maintain. Growth has the potential to dilute the overall vision, but so far things are holding solid."
4361,Big company with lots of movement
4367,"None, it’s as amazing as it sounds"
4369,slow career progression and busy close weeks
4377,Not many options for growth
4379,Takes a lot of time to onboard
4382,"I get tired of telling people how much I love my job, but I can’t stop"
4384,"It's sales, it can be tough and not for everyone; but if you want a long-standing sales job with room for growth--this is the spot"
4386,It great being a partner
4389,"Very difficult, and complex sales cycle."
4390,"The hardest part of my job is deciding how much time and energy I want to put into moving up the ladder. It's kind of nice because if a lot of stuff is going on in my personal life then I feel like I can de-prioritize it, but if I really want to get promoted then I need to be actively building a case to do so."
4392,Very competitive to get into leadership
4393,"Demanding and stressful, but definitely worth it."
4394,Works like a start up
4395,Not much equity upside but you can participate in ESPP
4401,"Benefits, Salary, Work life balance"
4404,Smaller territories and more reps added each quarter.
4413,not a good work life balance
4419,Fast growth with acquisitions provide some pain points
4425,Never ending changes and fast pace
4429,cross time zone work and meetings
4435,Base salary is not super competitive
4436,"a lot of internal meetings, things to do that compete with time"
4437,Nothing really specific other than some of the challenges that come with a large global company
4444,Bit of a distance to travel from home
4445,Lack of diversity in management and overall
4451,Not really any cons company has good pay great product
4455,We sprint a marathon Some lack of transparency in promotions and recognition Low comparative pay
4456,"Technical Growth, Limited Career Growth"
4463,Pace of innovation is slower than could be
4465,"fast paced environment, constant changes"
4471,"team politics, no free lunch"
4472,"very busy, fast-paced makes wellness take a back seat at times."
4473,No cons yet I love the company
4478,Management struggled to support individual contributors
4479,"good amount of turnover, but they promote from within if you earn it"
4481,"Initial comp may be greater than faang for new grads, but can grow at a lesser rate over the years comparatively"
4482,Very corporate - managers can get micro-manage vibes at times
4497,"The ""Sales"" in Salesforce is serious. Strong drive towards selling and showing progress every day towards HUGE sales goals."
4499,Competitive with a lot of companies providing cheaper solutions
4500,N/A everything is good at salesforce
4501,Work life balance in the team
4507,Onboarding content and orientation trainings are little bit overwhelming. Focus more on hands on product learning tailored to specific roles and responsibilities.
4510,"The drive to be the best in the business can be tiring at times, but the hard work makes the ""highs"" even better!"
4514,Career progression depends on individual.
4517,Core AE's - 2 years min in role to get promoted
4518,Extremely busy pace of work
4525,Pushy and no work life balance
4526,Promotion is very pick favorites
4527,None great company to work for
4539,Working from home during covid like everyone else
4541,The company is growing rapidly and sometimes you're unsure how you fit into the larger picture.
4545,Build takes an hour. Lots of tests. Lots of process.
4546,Typical large company navigation issues
4553,Seriously lack of diverse perspectives and diversity.
4556,Big company and can sometimes be working on small features that may not be as significant.
4565,Hard to keep up with the growth in product portfolio
4568,"Salesforce is better at buying outside talent than it is at developing its own people which is why there are so many boomerang employees. People leave to get the experience they need to go to the next role they want. There are no formal performance reviews meaning being promoted to your next role is very subjective depending on whether or not your leadership team likes you. Additionally, for the all the talk about showing up to work and embracing your authentic self, at the end of the day all anyone cares about is how you show up on a dashboard which incentives people to log things they did not do sometimes to an absurd degree like someone logging that they worked 70 hours a week every week for a quarter and then getting an award for most hours logged. Relatedly there is a huge emphasis placed on managing your personal brand. If you come from a cultural background where you are taught to do your best work day after day and expect that to be noticed in merit of itself, you will be disappointed working here at least in the sales organization. You have to have the desire to talk about yourself a lot and be a self promoter. Lastly, I want to share something I personally observed while working here. In my first sales team which was predominantly white, we had one female person of color on the team. She was exceptionally hard working, eager to learn, and dedicated to her job. Management and her colleagues did not support her in the way that was needed for her to reach her full potential. Moreover I believe they made work difficult for her in an effort to push her out of the organization. I never understood why. Maybe she didn't fit a type that her team was looking for. She later left to join another company where she is, unsurprising to me, doing very well. I would have thought that retaining and supporting talented employees of all backgrounds would be a priority but especially employees of color given how much Salesforce as a company talks about diversifying its workforce."
4576,"So many opportunities here at Salesforce. You have to really be intentional with what you are choosing to do. Jack of all, master of none. Also, you can get stuck on projects that you are not passionate about. Such is consulting!"
4578,"None so far. The onboarding seems a bit overwhelming, but there is a lot to learn and they are still growing strong."
4584,"Tons of ""top down"" information drives and initiatives, very regular training assignments related to overall company mission and strategy"
4587,Salesforce is growing at an enormous pace and sometimes the quick growth brings a lot more red tape in conducting business.
4589,Career growth can be challenging
4593,Tech stack and growth opportunities not so sexy.
4597,"The company's growing. It's made acquisitions the past few years and it takes time to understand those companies/products and how to incorporate them into how translate business value for customers. That said, leadership is doing a good job helping to navigate what it all means. But it takes time as large as Salesforce has grown."
4600,"Since the company has grown to be quite large, company culture may not be as consistent across the board as before."
4609,"Fast Pace Environment- Can be Challenging for someone Entry-Level Sales, lots of things to learn your first 6 months, which can be overwhelming"
4612,How much you like your job depends on who you report to.
4614,Lots of moving pieces and to learn
4617,Business is evolving causing frequent shifts in work focus.
4619,Rate of change is very high
4622,"It's a hard job, tough space to work in"
4623,-Innovation happens so quickly it’s hard fully digest and support. -Internal processes change frequently and are tied to metrics for bonuses.
4625,Hard work and High expectations
4628,Base pay for entry level Account Executives
4629,"I truly can't name any. I will say that the level of work on a worldwide scale (timezone differences, working well async, and ensuring we avoid late hours for colleagues outside of the U.S. may be challenging, but they are actively being worked on)."
4632,Would prefer more on-site interaction for this kind of ramp
4635,How much you like your job depends on who you report to.
4639,"Can feel a bit siloed at times, if you work within a cloud, though I know they are working on that."
4640,"Nothing applicable, wonderful company, I love working here."
4644,Typically cons of a growing company
4646,The sales organization is incredibly cut-throat
4649,Large company with lots of processes
4660,Sometimes can be very fast paced with a lot of change
4661,it's been difficult to establish strong bonds with customers during this time when most employees and customers are working remotely and most sales motions are via google meet or zoom calls. But I guess this is a reality for most businesses today.
4665,It is becoming a large company which has some challenges if you are use to working at a smaller company.
4666,Hard work and High expectations
4667,"I spend a significant amount of time troubleshooting source control, build, and test tools, which are often very slow. This doesn't seem to be unusual for large enterprise codebases, however, and the company has started making developer productivity a major priority."
4670,Base pay for entry level Account Executives
4673,Less work Not much learnings currently
4678,none it is a great place to work
4679,As every big company there are times that you can feel the stress
4682,Getting bigger so maintaining entrepreneurial feel
4683,"Workload, life balance, pressure, internal work, bureaucratie"
4685,"Complex systems to learn, competitive market selling premium product"
4692,"The so acclaimed company culture does not extend to Technical teams, it appears to be great for sales teams, but all other employees I've spoken to in my segment are unanimous on this perception"
4697,The work in support is not meant for everyone.
4698,"process, quota, territory, vision, pressure"
4701,"WFH policy is very non-flexible, despite the ""work from anywhere"" messaging from HQ. All Dublin employees were required to fly back and work from home in Dublin in the middle of the pandemic, despite the fact that most of us are from continental Europe and do not have any family and friends here."
4707,having knowledge of salesforce adminstration and analytics
4709,"- Pace is fast - constant catching up the changes, I guess this happen very frequent in Tech companies."
4710,Don’t sign up if you need dependable practises- change is the only constant here which is a gift and a curse
4714,work life balance is not good
4718,"- fast,changing, challenging (positive competition) - endless meetings and call ( management resort to send official email refrain conducting business related meeting on Friday.Digital detox)"
4723,fast paced and overwellming sometimes
4727,Need to adopt more professional practices in lot of areas like a large enterprise organization
4735,"No cons, this is the best company to work."
4740,Can be very long work hours but that is self driven as company promotes work life balance.
4741,"Since it is a pretty new team, may need some more coding standard"
4744,"There are so many people and products, and the requirements are so high that it is easy to feel stressed"
4748,- working from home all the time can be challenging and can lead to a blend between leisure and work
4760,No cons. Salesforce is a great company
4762,Knowledgeable to collect details about customers
4763,"- Promotion wise, being in Sales Development means having to get to 100% on a metrics (numerical) based magic quadrant to be eligible for promotion (or lateral hire). Unfortunately for some individuals, this means their time in Sales Development is extremely extended due to external factors such industry pressures, geography and AE/BDR alignment. A little more focus on a combination of the two and finding the right balance between numerical metrics and knowledgable skills & know-how needs to be recognised/implemented. - Exposure really only to sales vs. other business units. It can feel like BDRs are being put into one bucket (sales making machines) vs. ""you can take your career anywhere"" promised in interviews. Appreciate that most are joining to be a part of our amazing sales team, but it would still be nice to see more of that cross-functional organisation and learn more of other business units who are likely using very transferable skills."
4764,"-(Paris office) very ""political"" environment -big company, you are just ""someone"", your manager changes every year -HR : does not really exist, you will never have a real discussion with an HR employee, strong weakness of Paris office (France)"
4770,"Unreachable quota, low morale as 1,000 laid off during height of covid - (""Ohana/Salesforce family"" stuff is all talk), current employees are gatekeepers who make it tough to learn the process. Your success is all based on luck. Management seems uninterested. Super high turnover. You're expected to work 12 hours a day plus weekends on training and forecasting. Oh and the product itself is very expensive and there are better options."
4791,"1. While it is still a good thing, an overwhelming loads of training / training modules one has to go through as part of onboarding - maybe this is the essence of Salesforce's thriving culture !"
4798,Ok sales service good 1 year Bajaj assc experience rcd
4799,"I really love working here, the pressure can be high from time to time"
4805,Quality of technical work still needs to improve
4808,"Fast paced, very commercial focused"
4811,long hours and high pressure
4813,"* if I really have to say one thing, continuous organisational changes / optimizations which can become distracting at times. Upside is that your career can move quickly as well thanks to this flexibility."
4817,None. The management is just beautiful
4822,"Sales driven, political, entrepreneurship, creative, focus"
4825,Work-life balance can be challenging to maintain at times
4832,"Due to the fast-growing nature of the company, work-life balance takes a hit."
4833,"- Sometimes unrealistic sales / business management expectations from product resulting in oversells, it's a solid product but there's a lot of work needed to get to a setup that will do well on the enterprise scale. Smaller setups can work but if you are looking for the big benefits it requires time investment. - The 'family feel' push internally. This is really nice when you are newly immersed in it but you also need to be wary of assuming it's like a perfect family. Families have fights, internal squabbles and sometimes break apart so always look after your own future don't expect that completely from the company. - Steep learning curve if you've never worked on Salesforce product(s) before but there is lots of help there. Still a great place to work and earn professional experience or build your career. Genuinely love the company and everything they've done for me to date."
4844,Progression is everything and there is a slight fake it til you make it culture. I would prefer if humility was rewarded more.
4848,"I really love working here, the pressure can be high from time to time"
4849,Very busy and long hours if you throw yourself into it.
4865,Chicago is a new office for Salesforce.com. The company is trying hard to maintain a small company feel and culture but it is a challenge with over 8500 employees.
4870,"Be more competitive with perks, e.g. free meals or more shuttles Non-HQ offices receive less love Some promotions seem to be a popularity contest"
4882,Company's fast growth and expectations from employees to meet the goals may stifle innovation and culture at times
4883,Sales execs really do not care about customer sat. Sales execs are competitor focused vs customer focused. Salesforce used to buy selective technologies to integrate in our core product... now Salesforce just buys companies to drive our stock up.
4887,Not an easy job takes a lot of hard work and dedication to be successful
4888,I'll let you know when I find one. The cons exist on our customer's side but it's our job to persist and educate!
4892,"As they grow and expand the tribal knowledge can be challenging. Gmail and suite is TERRIBLE! Hours are wasted in finding, sorting etc., email. Calendar and conferencing tools need improvement"
4893,The size of the company has changed the culture and while we are all one ohana there is greater distance and separation between divisions within the company.
4900,Rapid growth keeps things extremely faced-paced and in a constant state of flux.
4901,"growing company, growing infrastructure has usual demands."
4903,The pace at which the lessons move seemed so fast. More time should be spent on listening and speaking skills.
4910,Actively get involved in volunteering etc. in order to get to know people in a relaxed atmosphere. Difficult with the amount of work and work ethic.
4914,Travel is tedious at times
4917,"Growing so fast, it can be tough trying to coordinate with other teams when many have disparate processes and a lot of bureaucracy."
4920,"lots of change and chaos, manager still learning how to get it done"
4922,"not much really, if you are on a cool project, enjoy the ride, great overall experience."
4937,Lots of work. Many hours.
4939,- work/life balance sometimes hard to achieve - separate company to salesforce.com so no access to stock
4942,"Office politics here are killer. If you're great at backstabbing your colleagues this is the company for you. Little attention paid to strong performers. Instead, it's all about who can brown-nose the most. If you're good at this type of thing, salesforce will be great for you. However, if you're looking to be awarded for your achievements rather than your networking skills, look elsewhere."
4943,-Company is starting to get so big that the entrepreneurial atmosphere it had is disappearing -Promotion rates are becoming slower
4944,Salesforce came in and completely change the dynamics of the sales team. Quotas are unrealistic and those who are actually achieving their numbers have 4x the territory than those who aren't. Management plays favorites. It went from a positive environment to an extremely negative one where one isn't motivated to perform well. It feels like Salesforce is trying to manage people out and I don't expect the Pardot sales team to be around in a few years.
4946,Selling the organization to Salesforce made sense but changed the opportunities within the organization.
4950,Global company with two strong an HQ (San Francisco) center of gravity.
4951,"I joined a smaller company Salesforce owned that was eventually swallowed whole by the larger Salesforce company, and we were fully integrated into one of the major clouds. Things were very pleasant and work was interesting before the roll over into Salesforce. However, once my team joined the larger company, is when things took a turn unfortunately. I believe things took a turn because Salesforce is built on top down management. The bigger the title the bigger the voice you’ll have. People use their title as weight when making decisions. The overall design culture is perceived as a second thought to a lot of teams. Due in part that your engineers can and will make decisions for you based on seniority. Not all, but most teams have a hard time getting their engineers to innovate and work with them. This behavior also comes from the previously mentioned work life balance. Anything that looks like it may take an extra hour, will fall off your design quickly. Be carful of Kool-aid drinking. They use the term “Ohana”, family in Hawaiian culture (which is also cultural appropriation) to describe their own internal company culture. The management team uses this type of thinking to determine if your a team player or not. The type of “family” culture they perpetuate creates a lot of passive aggressive behavior. Add the behavioral issues onto the top down management, and you have a recipe for ladder climbing, favoritism, yes men, and brown nosing. The executive running the design on my cloud showed incredible bias and fueled this behavior. As well as some very questionable hiring and promotional practices. I felt their behavior was highly unethical, and they felt no remorse for their actions. The product you build at Salesforce will only ship 3 times a year. That’s if it ships at all. The pace is incredibly slow moving. I can not stress that enough. Changing an icon can literally take 9 months. This can make it hard to retain the talent that comes from a start up environment. Which Salesforce is in desperate need of. The salary is adequate at best for most designers. I found out later that I actually made much more coming from a different company and rolling into Salesforce. RSU’s are some of the lowest you’ll be awarded in the tech industry for a company this size. Most director level people get any meaningful stock refresher. Like I mentioned, top down management. I negotiated cash over RSU’s (which made my offer compelling). While a lot of what I wrote can seems very negative, not everyone I had the chance to work with made me feel this way. I did have the opportunity to meet “some” talented designers and engineers. I had the opportunity to volunteer and help others. The work I was doing at the time had impact up to certain point and I did learn a thing or two while at Salesforce. TL;DR: Top down management creates passive aggressive behavior. Slow moving development time, Salesforce only ships 3 times a year. Design is a second thought for most teams (but not all). Base salary is average, not competitive. RSU’s for a company this size are some of the worst in the industry."
4952,Rapid growth keeps things extremely faced-paced and in a constant state of flux.
4954,"-One of the teams I worked on valued ""face time"" too much. Extroverted, ""sales-y"" people get way more ahead than others who are smart but quiet. -As with any large companies, the culture is very variable depending on your job function and the team you work for."
4956,-Becoming very large very quickly -Very competitive (all performances are visible to everyone) -Sales roles are very numbers based and you sometimes feel replaceable -Tough to take vacations in sales but they are trying to make changes to improve this
4958,"Company is growing very fast, and with that comes layers and layers of management."
4967,"open atmosphere, rescinding traveling privileges"
4968,Salesforce needs little bit more diversity
4978,Sometimes the work pace is a bit slow if you are really looking for constant technical challenges. Also cross team communication and knowledge sharing can be improved.
4981,"Hybrid Engineering has pros and cons. However, in Indy, the strategy for hybrid transition is causing a significant loss in engineering productivity. First, Pros: 1.) Hybrid engineering has brought more focus on using contemporary tools for automated testing. 2.) This helps in improving system reliability and make developers better at their jobs since testing is not considered an afterthought anymore. 3.) Huge investment in automated testing upfront is a good overall strategy that will help in system scalability and reduce buggy software releases. Cons: 1.) The idea for depending more on automated testing than on manual testing has translated into demanding all manual / semi manual qa testers to learn how to code. 2.) This is the strategy that has not panned out at all. While, the self help tools like online courses, mentoring resources and in-team guidance have been a proactive ongoing effort, this approach is taking massive hits on productivity for developers as well as for testers all around. 3.) You can find developers on any given day spending quite a bit of time (hours at times) going over basic step by step process (over and over again) with the testers to resolve minority non-mission critical bugs. 4.) Testers, especially who are not from a programming background / havent coded in a while, are overwhelmed and stressed out about the tickets they have to complete each sprint. 5.) For a company that champions engineering productivity and no interruption time for developers, developers are spending less time on quality features/innovative/disruptive work and more time getting bogged down by the process+manual testing+ incremental work . Dont get me wrong, the notion of ohana is embedded deep in the organization and engineers are glad to help their peers anytime. However, this is a massive hit on productivity."
4988,"Large company, with the processes and amount of job titles it implies. Overwhelming amount of information scattered across a lot of systems."
4991,Global company with two strong an HQ (San Francisco) center of gravity.
4992,You must have passion for learning to thrive in this company
4996,Sales goals are aggressive and can be difficult to meet on monthly cadence.
4997,"Don’t forget what made you great, and continue to provide feedback and coaching to all."
5004,- On boarding is a bit overwhelming...but thats normal anywhere. They do the best job they can making you feel welcome. I was happy with my on boarding.
5005,Mainly cold calls each day
5007,"It's extremely fast paced. Your expected to be available most of the time, given notice. For instance, it's not uncommon to have calls with teams in other countries at night. I've been on calls that started as late as 10pm EST."
5008,"cons will always depend on your group, team and manager"
5010,"Growing very fast, some industry focus seems unorganized and not led or driven by the best industry experts, employee development can be improved"
5012,"typical growing pains, but fierce focus on customer-centricity and employee success"
5014,"The company is growing and with that comes some bottlenecks in getting things done. For it's size though, it is still incredible how fast Salesforce is still able to innovate."
5020,"Monthly sales quotas make it a a very long, 12-quarter year. Also, sales team focus is on transactions vs. customer needs and satisfaction."
5022,"- Hierarchical - Young, undeveloped management team - Over saturated sales talent pool"
5023,Has become political and unable to live up to its innovation aspirations.
5024,I have been working in Salesforce for the past 5 years and I have not found any cons working there till now
5027,"Making hubs more corporate, less like the local culture."
5032,"Personal con is that my commute takes now longer. Luckly, Salesforce provides shuttles to/from SF."
5041,Comp plan lacks clarity and alignment to results
5045,Politics is on the rise as the company grows
5047,The training took 2 weeks
5048,"The company is growing and with that comes some bottlenecks in getting things done. For it's size though, it is still incredible how fast Salesforce is still able to innovate."
5049,"Promotions and seniority is completely based on tenure at the company and relationships. CSG is specially dysfunctional - too many people doing busy work and not really being productive. As someone who has over 25 years of experience, I feel like people should be doing a lot more, and recognition should be more forthcoming."
5050,"- Fast pace and high pressure are a common thread throughout the company, which can make it hard to balance the demands of family life"
5058,EXTREMELY fast-paced and sometimes disorganized.
5060,"The work can be demanding, requiring 60 and 70 hour weeks at times depending on the season (business reviews, product launches, events, etc.)."
5063,None. Everything is great about this company.
5068,We spend more time being account managers than we do selling; and the web to solving customer problems is so massive that it takes weeks to find answers.
5079,"Getting started is still rough. Weeks of training, setting up your computer, waiting for other people to give you access to resources you need, and finding out information about anything is tough. We use chatter and google docs to keep track of random information like where to get a company phone or what API to use for integration with such and such. But both resources are a conglomeration of obsolete and inapplicable information. While we do pride ourselves on having an open culture, it isn't necessarily a very exciting, friendly or personal culture. You're generally free to do what you like, but many (maybe most) teams don't go to lunch together and aren't friends with each other. They just have small talk and do what it takes to get the job done well. Since your team is who you're with all day and who you talk to most of the time, it's kind of important. I wish it was the other way around, where my team was wanted to talk too much and spend more time hanging out than I did. The employees are kind of old here, so it's just not what I'm used to I suppose. Also, spoiled as I already am here, I will always be jealous of companies that have free cafeterias because I can't cook."
5085,working hours and stress-load. Constantly being on call and working with coworkers in other regions you find yourself working at all hours of the night and always on edge.
5089,"Workload is high, pace is fast (can be a pro)"
5090,Can't think of anything. Anyday best place to work.
5096,"The company moves at a fast and relentless pace, don't expect a break. There is great pressure to keep the leadership position in the industry and employees feel this each day with the amount of work expected of them."
5099,"Sometimes the work can be overwhelming, but between release, it's heaven."
5104,More red tape than they convey. Strong emphasis put on tenure over job performance
5105,"The following below is a reflection of the company: - Acquired a bunch of companies, especially during 2015 - 2016 which made career advancement tough. - Constant changes and initiatives being rolled out that makes it challenging to adjust quickly The following below is a reflection of the team: - Onboarding experience wasn't that great. I had to figure out how to maneuver around the system by myself often - There wasn't really a culture on the team. A lot of people kept to themselves which made it hard to build rapport. Integrating members from acquisitions also was a bit awkward as there wasn't any announcement / formal introductions. - Difficult to advance and grow within the organization as the company was growing so quickly. - The work you put in in terms of recruiting, events, VTO, etc.. can sometimes be overlooked since the org was so big. You may get lost in the shuffle - There were a lot of questions about leveling that the organization leaders were working on right before I left."
5109,Many people work from home regularly --> fewer face-to-face collaboration
5115,I can't think of any cons. If you work hard and play hard you can find an amazing balance and success here at Salesforce.
5116,Always getting bigger (change is slower at times) Some employees don't appreciate how great it is
5125,"- big company so work feels specialized - so many interns spread throughout multiple buildings, made it harder to meet new people"
5128,"It's an enterprise software company, i.e. the product doesn't necessarily impact the world in a meaningful way but it is a great product! The 1:1:1 model helps this 'con' though."
5129,"It does take some work to navigate larger tasks like expense reports and benefits, but that is to be expected at such a large company and there are plenty of resources to help."
5132,"Lack of diversity in management, especially C-Suite. Retention of people of color is appalling. It's hard to find a person of color who is an a management-level or higher position."
5141,Sales Management is driven to grow at all costs. Culture of the firm is very positive and philanthropic messages are very positive however the maniacal need to grow 50% y/y puts customer success in second position over deal completion. The growth messages are coupled with sales culture that is not long term relationship (Trusted Advisor) messaging that the overall company convey's to the market.
5142,new building in SF has its design flaws.
5150,Acquisitions not fully integrated even after a couple years
5154,"I feel the need to share this because I don't believe I was given an honest picture of Salesforce when I was interviewed for my role: * It is a fast paced, frenetic, competitive workplace. If you're good with that and you are hungry to be #1, this is your company. * You need to stay high energy and never take your eye off the ball. Early on, you need to ""establish your brand"" or you will disappear in the malaise of communication and collaboration."
5157,"long hours of work, hard"
5160,Environment is intense and sales has monthly quotas which is intense.
5165,"Very strong politics and somewhat negative orientation in the market for their customers. Rely on big services and other upsells. Widely varying levels of success depending on the integration partner. NOT focused on new features and innovation, but milking the existing stack for maximum revenue."
5167,"Work life balance can be hard. If you don't like ongoing change, it is not the company for you :)"
5178,- Company kind of slowing down on innovating new things. Market is moving so fast. Competitors are growing everyday. We might need to speed up a little.
5181,Pace of change is exhausting sometimes!
5188,Inside sales is high pressure and a lot of call center type of sales
5189,No cons at all! Love this company!
5191,"Fire drills. Our company is rapidly growing and we are constantly innovating, which is great! But, it also means that the game plan last year is different from this year's approach. There are fire drills, and strategy shifts. The culture is supportive to the needs of working parents, family needs, personal issues... but anyone considering Salesforce should know... you'll see a few fire drills now and again."
5192,Rapid growth is making alignment and prioritization more challenging.
5197,"- The sales teams tend to be very young. This leads to a very clicky, high school type environment. A lot of drinking in the office and gossiping about other co workers. - A lot of people are more focused on networking to climb the ladder than on their current jobs. - Underpays for industry. - Territories are not divided evenly. They tend to play favorites with the best accounts. But everyone has the same goals."
5199,I haven't experienced many negatives throughout my time at Salesforce but I understand it's a different experience for each employee. There is of course a substantial amount of change but it's part of the natural evolution of a company innovating and growing at this rate.
5201,"- Its not engineering company, let me clear, this is Sales/Market, they do it very well and they are great at it and they know it very well. - Half finished products, over marketed to kill competitors - Work at google/facebook, you realize the products they realize are how developers first, and how salesforce products are 'Sales' first - Work Life Balance - You better be ready to for it, you get burned out so easily, because of repeated release you are always in deadline and pressure to finish. Upper management in Evangelist Team should be engineers Dreamforce : Life is hell for employees, ready to work late hours, when I say, its mean 1 am in night and back again by 8am (Though excitement of carnival keep your motivated) - Salary low comparison to other competitors, you make more as Salesforce lead in other companies than salesforce itself - Stop politics in upper management, learn from Facebook/Google - Slow growth in Developer Relations/ Evangelist Team, you work hard, hard and hard and smart speakers takes the credit, you will be give 'bare minimum credit' of what you innovated or created from scratch - It is not an engineering company, you won't see real engineers in Facebook/Google for the most, they are innovative but deadline is more important that robust technologies, so clearly yes its not proper engineering company - Ask this question, how much Salesforce is used inside (Technical Evangelist) team, they know the platform is limited, but go in dreamforce, you see whole different story - Working both outside and inside Salesforce, I see major flaws in marketing of products and they way they actually are, clients are super pissed because of repeated and constant updates and low backward compatibility, they purchase and are stuck"
5203,So far it has been great work place. No Cons.
5207,The company has grown tremendously in past few years. Sometimes it feels like a massive company in terms of the number of the people.
5211,"Diversity Being a white male is a much better chance of moving up and certainly moving up at a more rapid pace or getting to any VP+ role. The ranks of non caucasians across the board in senior roles is small and you can see that the diversity racial numbers are largely inflated by lower level employees. Certainly there has been strides in recent years for diversity and upward mobility for women but by and large this is just white women. Ultimately the saddest part to it is that while Salesforce hired a non white person to lead diversity, his role has largely been symbolic and for external macro political reasons. As tangible cases of diversity issues have arisen on an individual employee basis, invariably it has been the side of the tenured white Salesforce leader who has won the day. Being an employee of color is frustrating at Salesforce because over time things do become patronizing as you are told if you do A, B or C you will increase your chances of getting a reward or a promotion. Yet clearly others do none of the above and those same rewards come their way. Writing this may sound like sour grapes but ultimately the numbers don't lie with employee diversity numbers across the board in middle to senior roles as well as tenure to promotion ratios for whites vs. non whites. Salesforce is not alone in tech let alone the wider corporate culture with this issue. However it is a company that prides itself on being progressive here and it really is not when it comes to employees within the company. Diversity is not a PR headline as we so often seek, it is actually people's lives."
5214,Lack of diversity but it is an ongoing initiative which I value.
5220,More frequent change than any company in my 20 years of experience
5226,"complex solution, change is constant, multiple acquisitions that take some time to sync, territories are getting smaller as we hire more and more AE's"
5232,sales leadership losing focus on customer facing field team and customer success in order to drive growth
5233,Not very organized during stressful periods. Micromanaging
5235,"Salesforce is surprisingly political, especially when you consider how the brand is fun and there's a genuine ""do good"" ethos of philanthropy at the company. Salesforce attracts high performers, which is great in many ways but also leads to a very ""type A"" aggressive, win-at-all-cost environment. Add on top of that the fact that Marc likes to make multiple bets and encourage internal competition (it's why there are two customer service products that sometimes directly compete, two salesforce automation products, etc.). So you end up with a workplace culture that, while exceedingly positive and gracious on the surface, is actually quite cut-throat and reliant on personal connections over merit. I saw multiple examples of mid-level managers making decisions based on what would most impress the boss over what was best for the company, let alone the customer. There's an obsession with BSOs (Big Shiny Objects) that cost a fortune and have little impact on the business but can be touted internally in presentations to leadership."
5239,"Work a lot, political, getting bigger"
5245,It's a fast paced place so it can be hard to keep up but this also keeps things interesting and challenging.
5251,I truly don't have any cons at the moment. I'm 6 months in and everything has been spectacular.
5252,"Disconnects between product management and engineering that are impactful to delivery speed and quality, 24/7 international business (pro and con) which makes work/life balance something that must be very well looked after."
5253,Long hours but rewarding experience.
5254,As the company has begun to grow into a large Enterprise company there has been less of a focus on employee growth and more of a focus on company success. Internal promotion has become political and long-winded.
5256,"Occasionally guidance from senior management for my team has been somewhat muddled, but overall there are very few downsides in working at Salesforce."
5257,To many SILO's Need better overall management in TechOps Invest in newer technologies Do not re-invent wheel; do not try to become Google/Facebook/Twitter....Salesforce has different business and SLA's with customers to meet customer business requirements. Customers rely on Salesforce to run there businesses.
5266,Manipulative coworkers Long hours Little opportunity for advancement
5269,Lack of professional growth within company.
5270,"As company scales, challenge to maintain talent level across bigger workforce"
5273,Need more diversity and people of color in management positions
5275,"Like most tech companies, Salesforce is fast paced, constantly changing and tons of reorgs."
5276,"As the business grows, individual roles shrink."
5278,"life the majority of technology companies, fast pace, poor work life balance. Continue to do more."
5282,Can't think of anything. Anyday best place to work.
5284,"Can be overwhelming at first, but there are tools available to walk you through the process."
5287,None as of now. So far best company I have worked for
5288,fast pace of change; focus on short term results; otherwise very few downsides. Great place to be. Wish more of my employers had been like this.
5291,There are no cons to this company. May be a lot of travel for people in southbay but they have excellent shuttle service
5292,It is super high volume and it makes it challenging to disconnect from work - but this is probably more personal.
5293,"None, really. Location is both positive and negative. Working in the City can be a challenge if you live outside of the City."
5302,"Can be very high paced, a lot is expected of you. If you can't keep up the culture can make life difficult very quickly. Keeping up with training and new product can be daunting, especially while doing your day to day activities."
5303,Sales territories getting smaller and smaller.
5305,- Fast pace and can be stressful to keep up - Not many other cons that doesn't also exist in other companies I've worked for
5306,"The Salesforce business model demands a strong monthly cadence, which sometimes creates situations where we incentivize customers to purchase sooner than they are fully ready."
5309,Dearth of good middle managers Your experience at Salesforce may depend on the team you work. With acquisitions comes new teams that may take time to adopt the Salesforce culture.
5313,Ever re-shuffling of management and organizational structure
5318,Workload can be very high at times
5320,"I could be greedy and ask for free food, but I'll settle with the free cafe and boujie coffee"
5322,At times very fast paced environment
5325,"Work / Life can be tough, things seem to change for the sake of change"
5327,"As with any growth company, there are som immaturities - sometimes it feels as if we are making it up as we go, which can be good but can also pose challenges within a larger company the size of Salesforce. Also, there can be compensation challenges for some sales roles."
5334,Work/Life balance can be tough
5335,"It's hard to keep up with all of the new functionality released. Many new features in the product, released 3 times a year."
5338,"This is a big company with a human size. From my experience, there is no cons about working at Salesforce."
5340,"Adherence to G Suite for office software is annoying, and big company meeting culture inhibits ability to get important work done."
5342,Little work life balance. FY18 objectives have grown exponentially without commensurate support.
5343,"Within marketing cloud, product and support structure suffered owing to several acquisitions that put client facing people in a lot of very challenging spots without good answers. Tough career mobility outside of SF office."
5351,You can often struggle with your work/life balance based on the YoY high-growth demands.
5353,Orgs within the company work in silos. Growng pains as the company rapidly expands
5361,Quickly growing company. Hope it maintains that entrepreneurial spirit.
5365,Peaceful atmosphere and the numbers are great too.
5366,"Large company, red tape, too many systems and apps"
5369,"Not many cons to be had, some may find the volume of work to be difficult to handle though. Work pace is fast and sometimes chaotic."
5373,You can often struggle with your work/life balance based on the YoY high-growth demands.
5393,"Transitioning from a startup to an established enterprise corporation and learning new processes that used to work but don't, now that we have scaled and grown."
5398,None in my opinion. Salesforce is a great company and good people overall.
5399,"Growing pains as a result of fast growth but given the rate of growth, the organization recognizes this"
5405,Meetings and distractions that come working for a huge corporation.
5412,Highly competitive to grow in the company. Most growth opportunities are in Sales and Technology.
5420,Constant Changes in Management
5423,Communication could be improved for certain areas.
5424,"Some teams are very underresourced which is very challenging when you are supporting a huge and growing sales organization, which is (not surprisingly) the engine of the company. If you aren't front and center in sales, don't expect a lot of support from the organizatoin."
5431,"At the time, the company was still a bit disorganized, especially the Enterprise Business Unit."
5433,"Growing fast, difficult to keep pace with offerings and all associated products."
5435,They continually change direction on customer success before completely seeing the historical results with programs.
5436,Work/life balance isn't always there and it's inconsistent depending on the team you're on Some teams are more hierarchical than others Is becoming a bigger company
5438,The company has grown tremendously in past few years. Sometimes it feels like a massive company in terms of the number of the people.
5439,"You can get lost, growing so fast that management is bringing on their crownies"
5444,Lack of HR functionality and very hard to advance the career
5448,"It's a very fast-paced culture requiring high-commitment. At times, work-life balance suffers."
5449,"Other than the fact that they don't see virtual work with keen eyes (weird for a cloud company), I loved this work."
5450,The hours were long and tiring. People expect you to work more than your assigned hours.
5453,"In Indianapolis, the company treats contractors as second class citizens. They cram them into over crowded rooms with little space to work. The rooms are hot and uncomfortable making it hard to work. Add in the personal hygiene of some workers and you get the idea. Exclusion from company events and support is the norm."
5455,The free snacks can challenge weight management.
5458,Stressful work environment Always tensed colleagues
5461,This is not a 40 hour a week job. We work hard and play hard.
5463,It is an established company that has slowed down in the speed you can progress through the company. This has made it harder to get recognized and stand out amongst peers.
5467,Work hours - long & stressful
5473,"Most Engineers are much older -- not much of a youth culture. The work is also extremely boring, as you are not solving any really interesting problems."
5479,"While the account coverage is manageable, the needs of every customer differs dramatically. This is a positive, in that you are not doing the same thing for every customer every day. However, it does require that you have tremendous breath to provide guidance, best practices and practical advise in many solution areas."
5480,"Things move fast, it can be hard to keep up. The first few weeks have been a real challenge"
5481,"The tech stack is getting pretty old at this point. Don't plan on advancing your knowledge in new languages and platforms if you're working on core. Front end folks have our new UI platform to work with, but it has a load of sharp edges. There's a lot of indoctrination and cultural training, but it generally has the end goal of getting people to be good to each other and to work together well."
5482,"Pace of growth and quotas getting more difficult to support. Rapidly maturing product suite,"
5490,Stressful work and high expectation around performance
5493,"Cons, I have not found anything. But one thing is it has it's own specific platform so your knowledge will be around that only."
5494,A lot of pressure as the env is very competitive
5499,The work is monotonous at times
5505,Maturity of processes & skills for Enterprise Accounts is a constant evolution
5506,"Great culture comes in pockets. Depending on the team and your direct manager, one may not experience the benefits of great work culture."
5508,Sometimes work can be repetitive and a lot can be on your plate at one time
5511,"You must be happy to work alone in customer engagements, the role will cover the breadth of the platform and a good understanding of the platform is essential."
5517,sometimes can be tricky to juggle work life balance
5518,The work is monotonous at times
5528,Work-life balance can be improved at times. Promotion and career progression lack of transparency.
5529,no work and life balance
5530,"- Core app is monolith which is painful at times during the development cycle. - Some outdated less efficient tools in use for development. - Very less number of RSUs compared to other high tech companies like uber, google."
5534,"- Work-life balance is missing, especially now during covid, you will work long days and sometimes also in weekends. Work never ends. - Very performance driven, always high pressure to sell more, a lot of forecasting and at times micro-management. - Management is lacking coaching/people/leadership skills, you are heavily managed on opportunities and numbers, but very little on personal improvement. - Politics are present, as well as ego-centrism within sales & mngmnt. - Achieving your target depends on the distribution of accounts and opportunities, which changes every year. - Very complex internal organisation that can come across as impersonal at times. eg no HR and if you have questions you can only log tickets."
5536,"Very driven, many KPIs, training/certification, internal meetings that demand high level of commitment"
5537,"- Sometimes unrealistic sales / business management expectations from product resulting in oversells, it's a solid product but there's a lot of work needed to get to a setup that will do well on the enterprise scale. Smaller setups can work but if you are looking for the big benefits it requires time investment. - The 'family feel' push internally. This is really nice when you are newly immersed in it but you also need to be wary of assuming it's like a perfect family. Families have fights, internal squabbles and sometimes break apart so always look after your own future don't expect that completely from the company. - Steep learning curve if you've never worked on Salesforce product(s) before but there is lots of help there. Still a great place to work and earn professional experience or build your career. Genuinely love the company and everything they've done for me to date."
5539,"Salesforce's work culture is good. Similarly, if there are good career opportunities & learning it would be all the more great"
5545,No balance life in work.
5548,Sometimes visibility to new directions and acquisitions can be limited
5553,All as expected for this company
5554,Long Hours and stressful working conditions at times
5556,Due to COVID the Work life balance is intense
5558,"Very driven, many KPIs, training/certification, internal meetings that demand high level of commitment"
5567,very busy certain time of the year
5571,1. Perks could be provided at more shorter intervals. 2. Salary differences between new joiners and the old employees.
5578,Work life balance will be difficult sometimes.
5579,Work from home and not social contact
5587,Lot of competition for promotion
5588,- Less openings in india
5593,"- Company is growing fast, too many changes - lack of career development - some process taking to long"
5599,work pressure and points are the concern
5614,work life balance and nothing elses
5619,Growing fast and might get a bit complex
5622,"1. Tech stack depends on cloud to cloud, but if working on any core related teams, then freedom for choosing new technologies are minimal"
5624,"I personally don't have any cons. Leadership has an open door policy and questions are answered timely and appropriately. I do concur with the other reviews that there are a lot of projects and they're fast paced. You have to pay attention to details and be proactive in your planning and approach to delivering your requirements to stay on track. It's big league work in a fast, fun, and family-like setting."
5634,Lots of products to learn
5647,maintaining good hirerchy level and management
5652,"time consuming on enablement, set up engagement"
5656,Only salary is good in salesforce
5660,Lots of products to learn
5670,It's a great opportunity to work with Amazon
5674,Keep achieving quota is tough work.
5679,"Very fast-paced growth in a large organization, which can result in the working environment being sometimes stressful Lack of a structured and clear career progression program - even if this is being taken care of"
5683,Young people in the management are inexperienced and proud as it was a small company and suddenly gained a lot of fame and they rose to a higher management position. They sometimes don't know how to give positive feedback but do a superb job in providing negative feedback.
5684,The company is growing so quickly which makes it hard to stay aligned and prioritize your work. There are just so many projects and opportunities. Everybody wants a little piece of everything.
5685,- Sometimes the work can become very hectic and you might have to put extra hours to get things done.
5695,"Almost too fast-paced for their own good. Due to complexity and rapid release schedule of new features, software is difficult to support."
5696,Not much room for upward mobility
5698,"And after five months at Salesforce, here are a few cons: - Long work days (and nights) - It's not uncommon for me to work early in the morning until late into the night. I do some sort of work most weekends too. - Political - But most places I've worked have politics."
5699,"Long hours, intense, but in a good way"
5701,Very demanding. Be prepared to work hard and sometimes long hours. A lot of Management reviews and presentations.
5702,"None really. It is a large organization, and it's doubling/tripling in size. Being in such high growth mode, it can sometimes be challenging to on-board people quickly (get their laptops up and working, access to systems, etc sometimes takes a bit)."
5707,- 24/7 - changing priorities - little empowerment
5708,"No work life balance even though they talk about it a lot. You'll be attending meeting at least 80% of your day. Actual work is usually done after the normal work day. If you enjoy being political, you will love this place. It's a huge company so it's not a fun ""start up"" type of place. They have camera's in the offices supposedly for ""security""."
5709,1. Very aggressive most of the time. Rarely have a free day unless I am on PTO or at a team activity.
5711,"Salesforce.com's career advancement is very long, competitive creating a lot strife in the office. Also, since it is very competitive, working at Salesforce.com is not fun at all."
5717,Growing time to promotion/desired career path.
5718,Their R&D is mainly in San Francisco so the commute can be a pain if you commute from the South Bay.
5724,"Occasionally guidance from senior management for my team has been somewhat muddled, but overall there are very few downsides in working at Salesforce."
5725,-Company is starting to get so big that the entrepreneurial atmosphere it had is disappearing -Promotion rates are becoming slower
5726,long hours and stressful environment
5730,Lots of cold calling and tele marketing
5732,With such fast growth teams can get out of touch with each other and priorities can shift so work you've spend a lot of time and energy on can quickly go by the wayside.
5742,Very stressful! I had to forgo my work life balance totally!
5743,Lack of career planning Oracle hires
5744,"Everyone, including SVPs, are micro-managed at Salesforce."
5750,Work/Life balance can be tough
5763,"Poor management, many of whom are legacy from the startup days at Salesforce and this was one of their first jobs (?!). Benevolent dictators are allowed among the mgmt ranks. There isn't a system for evaluating mgmt talent and their notion of ""360 degree feedback"" is a joke: it only flows downward so you never have the opportunity to evaluate management."
5770,"Salesforce.com moves at light speed, and is filled with overachievers. On top of these, expectations on one's performance are always high. The result of this is that you will constantly be struggling to achieve a balanced work/life ratio. Salesforce.com is fun, and it can be fun to get completely involved, and to immerse yourself in your work. However, you will find that working nights and weekends is pretty much a requirement to keep up with the pace, management expectations, and your coworkers. Unless your a workaholic, this gets old, and is probably the main reason why people end up leaving the company."
5785,Long hours and a lot of travel.
5790,Rapid growth means learning as you go sometimes.
5792,Advancement. Management layers. Clickish culture
5793,I always working long hours
5797,Work is not very strategic
5800,Sales territories getting smaller and smaller.
5806,"We work hard and we move our desks too often. Environment-wise, I would love a more open studio feel for the designers. Right now we're all stuck in standard cubes, in straight rows. Something more organic and flexible would be more appealing and inspirational."
5809,"-(pretty shallow) bad snacks, no complimentary lunch options -enterprise software work could be less interesting and results in customer support being a higher priority a lot of times -development often relies on the internal framework which is a shared code base that can be modified by anyone; this can cause problems well developing a new feature -Agile development might not be cup of tea for everyone (one must always account for each hour of each day) -People could seem a bit too cheerful about working at SFDC"
5812,"Very US centric. US employees have often little awareness of the company being (or trying to be) a global company. Management style is also very American, which can be alienating sometimes."
5815,"Office politics here are killer. If you're great at backstabbing your colleagues this is the company for you. Little attention paid to strong performers. Instead, it's all about who can brown-nose the most. If you're good at this type of thing, salesforce will be great for you. However, if you're looking to be awarded for your achievements rather than your networking skills, look elsewhere."
5817,"This is a hard-working atmosphere, but undeniably rewarding. You will get back what you put in (and more) at salesforce.com."
5819,"incredibly political; upper management shouts a lot; most managers are terrifed to even speak. promotions are based on who you know and how loud you shout rather than how talented you are. very toxic working environment. tremendous focus on the sales automation side, with a bizarre model of hiring more and more salespeople to flog the product, guaranteeing individual salespeople's revenue will be lower; they then fire the lower 10% of all salespeople every three months, so turnover is high and morale is in the toilet. 4000 employees but only 150 engineers; very sales heavy."
5821,"It's a very fast-paced culture requiring high-commitment. At times, work-life balance suffers."
5822,"work life balance, too many oracle executives have changed the company culture"
5823,"The sounds of salesforce ""Suck it up"" ""I want to see you sweat"" ""We need you pulling 12 hour shifts"" ""I am sorry you arent feeling, well but you better get to the office right now"" ""Visit with your kids, I am sorry, but you need to request PTO"" Borg like culture based on kissing rear constantly You will be chained to your desk You will not have time to even have lunch and most of the managers will say ""I dont take lunch either"""
5825,"Politics, politics, oh and yeah, politics. And work life balance blows"
5830,Not a great balance of work and personal life. Work environment highly competitive and can be stressful at crunch time epically at the end of a quarter.
5832,hub centric model and limited telecommuting options
5835,The pace is very rapid and managing work life balance can be difficult. There is so much to do and yet so little time. At times salesforce.com seems to be heavy in chiefs and not many indians.
5836,Pace of business can be a little overwhelming at times
5837,"The company is committed to regularly delivering products that are of high quality and delivered on time. That means that the pace and volume of work is significant. This is not a great place to work if you are just looking to put in your time. That said, the company accommodates flexible schedules and really does care about work-life balance."
5839,"The hours are definitely long, no doubt about that. There are never enough people on board to do all the work necessary. There's always a certain amount of chaos. Salesforce definitely exhibits some qualities usually reserved for startups in that regard -- every day is challenging, but it sure makes going to work fun."
5841,"The pace of change and new features added into the products causes a heavy burden to stay current, but then that is what attracts a lot of people to this company, the pace of change and making change in the industry. We have grown quickly and some ""infrastructure"" pieces are a little behind, but we are getting there"
5843,Very fast-paced culture. This makes it an exciting place to be but can be overwhelming at times.
5844,"zero work life balance, poor middle and senior management, lack of clear focus for day to day tasks, no family support"
5847,"Because of the relatively small team, there's a lot for everyone to do, and that leads to long hours. This is better than having a lot of people, though, since you will end up with more mediocre staff dragging the talented people down."
5853,work on weekends for the company.
5854,long hours and stressful environment
5855,"Salesforce leadership- confused vision, culture and product annihilated this place."
5858,"Long hours, intense, but in a good way"
5862,"Company is struggling with it's identify in some areas. Too many specialists serving a single customer. Often times you need to bring the entire office with you because there is a specialist for different functions (sales, service, cpq, commerce, marketing, oms , analytics, integration, trailhead, ). The frequency that salesforce changes their reps and alignment doesn't tend to sit well with most customers. This has created a struggle to expand, particularly in the enterprise space. Poor alignment between cloud teams for GTM. Most ""generalists"" or ""Account Directors"" are compensated for the efforts of specialists although they don't pull their weight. Many recent reps are fairly green and do not possess the maturity to run a proper sales cycle. Some specialists are running rogue/lone-wolf engagements which can torpedo deals/relationships. Management seems very metric driven, to a fault. Some executive leadership and middle management have no boundaries and will bombard your mobile on weekends. Often times they will assert themselves in your deals and cannibalize any value you've created by offering quarterly discounts to bring them forward."
5863,"There is a lot to learn as a new employee, so you will spend your weekends and late nights getting up to speed. There is also continuous change and new initiatives so its a challenge to stay on top of things. This will suit over achievers but I think the work life balance is not great."
5866,"As might be expected, it's a large organization so there is a lot of info to take in and people to meet. In my opinion, these are normal things for a company this large so it's just something to factor in and have patience with in the early going."
5869,"Some kinds of work can get boring, make sure you always take something exciting to work on in your team."
5875,"Some kinds of work can get boring, make sure you always take something exciting to work on in your team."
5882,"Nothing at all, I am blessed to be working here"
5883,"As might be expected, it's a large organization so there is a lot of info to take in and people to meet. In my opinion, these are normal things for a company this large so it's just something to factor in and have patience with in the early going."
5884,Hours can be long lots of travel
5886,Some times your skills and experience goes unutilized.
5890,"Nothing so far. If any, their onboarding experience can be improved for new joiner to not be overwhelmed."
5893,"Growth is slow and even if you work hard/smart and accomplish goals, promotion is never easy over a period of time and number of years"
5896,It will take a long time to be up to speed with all the ins and outs of the tech stack Lots of mix and match products and techs
5897,"A lot of work, high expectations"
5902,Should be able to handle multiple customers pressure \
5904,Company encourages the employee and shows intrest
5909,Large company and varying company culture depending on which team you're on.
5910,Training can be laborious task!
5912,"Success focus, size & scale, regionalised"
5914,"salesforce core app is lil slow ,takes lots of time to work on the changes"
5916,No such cons. Night shifts can be hectic
5935,need to learn how to scale better
5938,high pressure and stressful management always focused on sales
5940,The company culture is changing as fast as the company grows.
5942,"Nothing, its the best place to be and have great career"
5944,Much inertia in processes. Rest of it is great.
5949,Promotions are not the fastest.
5951,Not I can recall but always room for improvement with career growth options
5962,"Salesforce donates 1 percent of its software, 1 percent of its equity, and 1 percent of its employees' time to pay it forward. As a result, Salesforce has topped a list of workplaces that give back."
5963,Promotions are not the fastest.
5966,no down side so far. I am sure there will be some on the way but no company is perfect and the plus points will more than make up for any challenges
5967,Not I can recall but always room for improvement with career growth options
5968,"No cons, Salesforce has done everything to make sure employees are welcomed in like a family"
5971,No cons. Salesforce is great.
5979,Velocity and rate of change is non-stop.
5980,Some Equality issues as well as management /support
5984,High workload and fast paced.
6002,Work life balance especially for Night Shift folks.
6004,"Relentless momentum, little time to rest..."
6008,Management is very micromanaging At times the work life balance can be disturbed
6009,it is very humble and very supporting people in this company.
6012,- Frequent re-orgs - Sales team centered culture
6014,Very intense and very challenging
6017,"It was very nice to work in IDFC FIRST BANK, we have been working in this bank for a long time, now it has been a long time so I want to change the company and this company is also very good, all work is done on time"
6022,Work life balance can be a struggle; typical consulting
6025,"Canadian employee: - Canada is about the size of California, but different in multiple ways to the US customer base. So getting/developing localized content & resources can be a bit of work"
6026,"Fast moving, very brand focused"
6029,Bad work work life life balance
6032,"- depending on which team, core or co-prime. - core sells everything and get the best like 2x spiff - co-prime helps but didn’t get anything - some core AE are not friendly or supportive. They thought they are the main contributor, self entitled. - attrition is very high, compare to many companies I joined in the past. - all about numbers - workload is crazy - some bosses are playing favouritism card. Unfair quota. - you just need to be their cronies to survive."
6034,Some Equality issues as well as management /support
6041,"They seem to be entirely B2B, so the software work might not be the most exciting if you enjoy working on customer facing products"
6046,Lots of inequality of titles and pay. No consistent metrics for grades
6048,"Of course as we get bigger, more process is needed. The company strives to keep an entrepreneurial culture and a fast-moving pace, continually redefining and optimizing processes to avoid getting bogged down."
6058,Work/Life Balance was a challenge
6061,"There are soooo many opportunities to learn new things, sometimes it is hard to focus."
6070,"good work life balance, good perks"
6071,"It’s fast paced and plenty of work, but the culture of the company and opportunity for advancement is well worth it"
6074,Sales culture is tough; company is growing fast and it tries to keep the growth up every quarter at all costs.
6083,It take some time to understand all of the solutions and offerings. Getting used to process takes a while
6103,- Its growing so lot of re-orgs - Some of technologies are old
6104,demand of certifications can be taxing on work life balance
6106,Hard competiton and many hard hours
6115,"The pace of work is fast. The bureaucracy can be heavy. The company offers many great opportunities for personal and career development, volunteering, mentoring, special interest groups, health, wellness, and inspirational meetings, and pushes employees hard to take advantage of them, but in order to stay caught up on your work you'll have to say no to almost all of them."
6116,"Very political, under valued on short staffed team"
6137,Development cycle can be very fast depend on teams
6146,Getting very large in size
6148,Company is good and good work culture
6149,"Underneath the facade, Salesforce is focused on perception more than reality. VTO isn't volunteer time off at all. It's voluntold time on-top (of existing work load) for most of the company. We have targets for VTO set, but many business units aren't staffed appropriately to actually take the time off. Instead it's just adding work load on top of our existing work load. Also, the company really exemplifies the wealth gap, with those at the top heavily rewarded with expensive trips, awards (including cars, watches, etc.) while the majority of the company is paid somewhere around the 75th percentile of industry. We once had a travel freeze but the company still sent the top 100+ employees to a big shindig in Hawaii - and they broadcast it and insisted that everyone across the company ""tune in"" to it remotely. Wow."
6150,Getting bigger all the time.
6151,"CSG leadership is very political. I had a VP who was not transparent on promotions and had his favorites. Lacked vision within my org and true understanding of how to develop a true service. I felt very lonely, disconnected and lost trust due to the politics. I always thought I had the golden handcuffs at Salesforce. Not true! Ultimately, I was recruited away and it was a blessing in disguise. I am happier, found my smile again and propelling in my career. My new employer values me and my contributions. In addition, but subsequent, pay much higher, RSU refresh."
6154,The company is big and a lot of your success is contingent on who your direct manager is.
6156,Busy Schedule A LOT to learn
6157,- competitive interview process - fast-paced environment
6164,"Pay is good but not as high as Google, Microsoft, AWS, etc."
6171,No complaints. Work environment and benefits are great.
6173,"Grueling work and at an extremely fast pace, but at the same time, Salesforce encourages employees to focus on wellbeing"
6177,"Politics, hard to get promoted"
6178,"- monthly forecasting (big company, high accountability to monthly numbers) - sometimes hard to navigate but overall people are willing to help - product is highest priced in market (good and bad, very competitive space)"
6182,"Get ready to roll your sleeves up and work hard. Can be complex, but great teams to help you every step of the way!"
6188,"Politics. If you have only worked at small companies, big companies are a different beast. Salesforce, like any big company, has an element of politicking to it. At any company playing ""the game"" is important, so expect that here. Large quotas, and small patches. Salesforce has fine tuned territory management, and some ae's have stronger patches than others. It is important to succeed early and often so that you have the credibility to be assigned stronger accounts. New employees not willing to hustle and prove themselves do not last. This is how every big company is in my experience. If you don't have a ton of sales experience, make sure you start at a lower title with a larger territory. Big companies are harder to ""learn the ropes at"", as you are competing with the best of the best for things like territory. Other than the above, Salesforce has been the best move in my career, and I'm thrilled and proud to work here. I've never found a place without the above cons, and the pros far outweigh them for me."
6192,"Few tech jerks, lot of meetings"
6193,"Started during 1 month prior to Covid, which has impacted my ability to get face to face with customers and colleagues. Makes it more challenging to connect on a personal level."
6196,"There are soooo many opportunities to learn new things, sometimes it is hard to focus."
6199,nothing.Its just amazing to be in here
6202,"Not as much work with journal entries, which can also not be a con if you are more interested in revenue operations."
6205,I have not come across any cons in working for Salesforce.
6207,"Constant reorganizations can be fatiguing and a lot of them were terribly ineffective, but is to be expected with a company that challenges convention constantly. It has also been frustrating how often you will change managers, makes it very important to promote yourself up your management tree."
6208,Very fast paced which is motivating and inspiring but can sometimes be overwhelming.
6213,Technology in infrastructure can be improved Workplace can be quieter to enable more individual work Different groups work in silos
6214,"May face some challenges in collaboration. Can be an ego-driven environment. The company is extremely fast-paced and intense. For those who like a more laid-back environment, it can be a quite stressful environment. The company is growing so quickly that it sometimes feel like more of a start-up."
6216,"Sometimes the work can be overwhelming, but between release, it's heaven."
6219,Long Hours are not fun
6221,"growing too fast lot of middle level management getting created very fast, losing the flat hierarchy"
6227,its hours at times can feel too long
6230,company is growing quickly and might be harder for new people to move up quick
6233,Not competitive base salary - base salary has increased $2K with 3 promotions in 4 years All about making your manager and their manager more money. Compensation is not competitive anymore Culture has shifted and fun has been sucked out of the job. Declined in quality of new hires and the next generation of Salesforce employees and leaders. New leadership No work life balance Increase middle management creating more red tape and dissatisfied employees Salesforce say we are about diversity but 1 person is of color and 2 women on the executive committee. And we don't get MLK day off as a holiday
6237,"As a big company constantly going through growth phases, it's challenging to align across so many engineering teams and business units, but Salesforce does an excellent job nevertheless, as shown by our customer enthusiasm and Dreamforce debuts."
6239,Highest turnover company in Fortune 500. Lots of politics and benefit is not great compare to other silicon valley companies.
6240,The wheel is reinvented all the time
6242,"Feature areas can be siloed, and your success depends a lot on the people around you (including manager, PM, and scrum team). Could be more agile."
6246,"- Beware of the smoke and mirrors. Lots of hype around the ""#dreamjob"", but they don't tell you the pie has been cut so many times that a very small percentage of people actually achieve their goals. - Land of haves and have-nots. Despite AE's at the same level sharing the same quota, there is no effort to balance the account sets. It's extremely important that you ask to see your account set and license footprint before accepting the job. - Salesforce grew up from the SMB so the Enterprise group is run like SMB with a very short-term mindset and a monthly cadence. - Much of the support of the organization comes at the last minute after the selling is done and the deal is in the final stages."
6248,"Culture is disintegrating at a shocking pace. Focus on the customer is now all but absent. No concern left for work/life balance. Focus is now on reports, updates and stuff to make the department leaders look good. All at the expense of doing the work that matters."
6254,Work is not as exciting unless you LOVE enterprise software. Self imposed workaholism
6256,it is a fast moving company and the pace is not for everyone.
6259,"Arrogency, bad politics in everywhere in Engineering group. Never want to take new technologies in their system. They hate new technologies, so you will get bored very soon. Very sarcastic culture due to a few very high position persons in Engineering. This company is not IT company. If you extect"
6260,"Fast growth means fast paced work environment. This keeps the job very exciting but also challenges in terms of changing priorities, ""fire drills"" and decisions being made without putting a lot of thought into future impact."
6261,1. Not very engineering centric organization
6263,Not enough hours in the day to take advantage of all the benefits and learning and personal development opportunities that are available !
6267,"Company is growing very fast, and with that comes layers and layers of management."
6277,Need more people to keep up with growth. Middle management needs to be trained better
6284,-lack of transparency from upper management -limited growth outside of HQ
6285,sales leadership losing focus on customer facing field team and customer success in order to drive growth
6299,"Be ready to do it all on your own, and be on call all the time. ""You are getting paid to a lot to be available"""
6303,- Pay is no longer competitive with peers - Long Hours with little recognition - Limited ability to move up in the company
6306,Ohana...good culture but career progression is challenging outside HQ
6309,"work life balance, too many oracle executives have changed the company culture"
6312,Future direction is a little foggy with new acquistions and management
6322,"""Ol Boy Network Structure"" live and well."
6326,"Overwhelming with the amount of information for new hires, but you are able to get up to speed rather quickly with all the resources available. The people make this company work."
6331,"The company is growing so fast that its hard to keep up with the new hires and also be available to answer questions to help onboard newbies. My job is to sell. Period. BUT, every week there is something new I have to do (Take a survey, Attend a Training, Get Certified on a new technology, Update my V2MOM, Update my performance review, attend a product session, attend a partner session, etc. Its a bit overwhelming at times."
6337,"Work-life balance is very much on the low side. If you are a remote employee it is very difficult to feel a part of the company, even when making regular trips back to Indy. You miss out on the big selling point of being and ExactTarget employee - the Orange Culture."
6338,"Salesforce leadership- confused vision, culture and product annihilated this place."
6342,Managing work / life balance is a challenge when you love your job.
6344,growing larger and losing some of the family environment
6360,"Some may consider on-call rotations and supporting one's systems to be downsides to an engineering position; I don't mind it, and take pride in that work. I also think being page in the middle of the night changes the way you choose tools and build systems."
6365,Work life balance is not very good around release cycle
6367,Have to be able to change quickly
6370,Culture and Values Senior Management Work life Balance
6372,"- Getting top heavy in terms of mgmt, not enough people to do the actual work - Too much hiring of outside senior leadership has stunted career growth and opportunities for long timers - Departments are getting to be huge silos and have distinctly different culture, politics, etc and have lost sight of the company ideals of transparency, volunteerism and most importantly FUN!"
6374,Challenging to balance work and life
6377,Sometimes very difficult to keep with the volume of required work. Great on-line and group support but fast pace of change can make keeping up difficult.
6378,- some of the new products they have added confuse the messaging - chatter product over played - sales territories can be very small
6391,Start stop hiring is a pain. Premium placed on presentation of ideas and rhetoric versus content and rigorous analysis. Political environment.
6392,"No major cons really, but there are challenges to maintain the pros above as the size of the company grows."
6394,CRM software reviews could be summarized to this level.
6397,"* very, very high pace at all levels and fronts * constantly changing company - organization, products, messaging, compensation, you name it * health and dental insurance not from top tier providers * still very HQ-centric if you need things done (or for career advancement) - if you're outside of SF you're a 2nd tier employee"
6402,"Lots to learn in the first 3-6 months, very hectic. The company is growing very fast, some growing pains."
6407,"The workload gets intense pretty quickly Fast growth means constant org changes, The size of the company is much larger than it's ""maturity"". This can also be a pro in the sense of flexible processes, but it also means there are less than sufficient controls and standards for professionalism."
6409,"The only con is that I work from home and miss the social aspect of going into an office, but the collaboration tools Salesforce provides makes it easy to connect with other employees."
6410,"Lack of patience. Treats all business units like CRM, when not all business models are the same. No training provided. ""Here's your computer, here's your patch...good luck"""
6419,Fast-paced for new hires from non-technology background
6420,Career Advancement is hard as too much competition both inside out
6424,Work / Life Balance could be better.
6426,very challenging and sometimes stressful work
6429,Satellite office doesn't allow for much advancement. You need to relocate to grow and advance within the company.
6432,"Can be a grind, success depends on territory (but that is the life of sales, not unique to salesforce). Moving into management can take a while. Resources like sales overlay teams for complementary products, sales engineering, are scarce or not competent and your succes can depend on them."
6433,- big company can be frustrating
6440,-Becoming very large very quickly -Very competitive (all performances are visible to everyone) -Sales roles are very numbers based and you sometimes feel replaceable -Tough to take vacations in sales but they are trying to make changes to improve this
6442,Extra hours during key releases and major bugs
6443,"Company has changed in the last 18 months. Upper management is out of touch. Each month end is like a ""quarter end"". Company has grown very fast and the infrastructure is not where it should be to support the growth, making it difficult at times to get the proper resources and support to do your job at the highest level. The tone of management has changed from a entrepreneurial do anything feel, to a restrictive and cold Oracle feel."
6444,"Frequent territory and account shifts, execs assume all prospects ""get"" the cloud, too many new products and features in beta or pilot"
6446,"Other than the fact that they don't see virtual work with keen eyes (weird for a cloud company), I loved this work."
6454,Commuting is very tire some. Very limited shuttle service.
6455,large code-base to learn Need more internal training on advanced topics
6461,"- You have to work! Leads to great learning opportunities and career satisfaction for the right people, but will be a con for those who want to get paid without doing the work - ""Growing pains"", as management team likes to say. Buddy Media is trying to figure out the best way to operate as a growing company, while still maintaining the small company magic. There have been several hits this year, but also some misses"
6462,Long hours Long hours Pace can be relentless
6464,"it has become a huge corporate giant, the ability to have a voice and be heard is gone, it used to be that you would work long hours and felt you were really contributing to something but by the time i left i felt like i was just a #, if you want to work for the next MSFT or Oracle then salesforce is the right place for you, if you want to innovate and grow in ways you never thought you could that ship has sailed at salesforce"
6466,-Getting that BIG business look and feel -Jobs are becoming more silo'd -Skill set is sometimes wasted on the mundane
6473,Has grown to be a very large company with increasing bureaucracy and less agile processes.
6480,Growing so fast it feels like you can get lost in the shuffle
6484,Lots of smart people increase competition for a limited number of open jobs; a lot of outside hiring versus internal promotion.
6504,"No in-house catering, diversity and belonging varies by department"
6507,Difficult to get promoted in csg
6512,Wish more places were like salesforce!
6527,Large complex organization structure that at time difficult to navigate
6529,"Extremely large organization, limited room for upward career growth"
6530,"BDR is a grind. Metrics increase YOY, with every little thing being measured there is always something to improve upon. Sometimes it feels like you're just a cog in this massive machine, but that's the sacrifice you have to take to get into a company as amazing as Salesforce"
6538,"They are not cognizant of who their most skilled and valuable employees are and only those who are able to ""fit in"" with upper management have the benefit of upward mobility."
6544,The size of salesforce certainly presents challenges navigating career advancement.
6545,"Some thrash when it comes to branding, reflective of the desire to nail the company's positioning across multiple categories (not uncommon). Has gotten more ""stay in your lane"" as company has swelled."
6551,"The base pay is one of the lowest in the industry, but they make up for it through benefits and commission structure."
6556,Global account management is a major pain point for the company
6557,Hard work and some late nights
6562,"Lots of Meetings, lots of Re-Orgs"
6566,Decided they could hire two productive engineers for the price of one senior systems researcher
6571,It may not be your cup of tea
6574,The standard is that you will still be available to work during PTO so it's tough to feel like you can actually unplug during that time.
6594,"Stress, not a lot of free time."
6597,- Has gotten more complicated to get things done as the company has grown over the years
6604,"Culture (hard core enterprise sales), lots of changes all the time, no collaboration, very individualistic etc"
6609,Work-life balance is challenging Lack of consistency and transparency in leveling and promotion decisions Employee experience can vary greatly based on department / function / manager Over time acquisitions have started to change the culture of the company (not in a good way)
6610,Growing very quickly and fairly corporate
6611,Overwhelming amount of work and meetings at certain times
6612,Many re-orgs during the span of a few years. Large company meant work felt siloed
6614,Lots of change and large product portfolio to learn
6615,Very sales /marketing oriented company
6620,The company is getting very very big
6626,The cons are much like any company's during the times of COVID. Missing in-person connection and finding it difficult to build deep connections in an all digital world.
6641,A very large fast growing global corporation with continuously evolving organizational structure and very aggressive growth targets
6642,"some department lack training on their latest product innovation, customers oftentimes know the new features sooner than the internal teams"
6645,Can be slow at times crm software is not the most glamorous thing. Dealing with legacy code.
6646,"As the company is growing, micro cultures have formed. Some of these do not reflect the values of the top management."
6652,COVID has impacted a lot of work activities. I think that can be improved. Enterprise challenges also
6659,career advancement limited due to number of longer tenure employees
6663,Not many cons. Good company
6667,"promotion is not transparent, external hires will always earn more than internal employees who dedicated their lives with the company (reason why folks boomerang)"
6681,Can follow more standardized processes across all clouds in salesforce.
6692,"Takes a bit of time to learn how to navigate a big company, but the team helps, and can do it!"
6693,Work wise it is not challenging
6694,Limited career path in Customer Success Group Rapid growth combined with steady acquisitions complicates collaboration
6699,"Intense work load, competitive at times"
6711,Not many cons. Good company
6713,"There is lots of work, but management is good about understanding we can't do it all."
6719,Large company comes with complexity and red tape
6724,Change is constant and a lot is asked of employees.
6727,Growing fast with some growing pains!
6729,-Little to no career growth -Politics -Management quality
6736,tough work life balance that leads you to always feeling overwhelmed
6738,its a giant company so growth can be tricky
6750,"Very fast paced which can make it hard to keep up. Can feel like a start up still as everyone is constantly trying to innovate: products, processes, programs. All the change makes it hard to perfect."
6751,You are kind of on your own when onboarding remotely.
6754,Now that we are a bigger company it takes a little longer to get things done internally. It's part of being successful
6756,Very marketing and sales focussed
6761,"nothing as such, everything is perfect"
6763,Direction of the company is sometimes very unclear especially with all of the acquisitions. Everything feels like a hodgepodge of solutions thrown together and very kludgy.
6767,"a lot of pressure, not that much flexibility on working hours."
6776,Company structure changes very often and you need to be able to adapt to it.
6779,A lot of politics. Management is not great about explaining decisions made on the business. Sometimes feel like all I do is work - it can definitely take over your life.
6787,"High volume of work and sometimes is difficult to have a balance between personal and professional life. Anyway this as a Sales person is a good problem to have, it shows Salesforce position in the market as well feedback and willingness of the potential customers to do business with Salesforce."
6790,"Company has grown so much it feels it has trouble keeping up with itself. Company utilizes Google GSuite which doesn't work too smoothly with Apple or Microsoft products and hardware. You can get your work done, but if you are used to select your own tools or if you come from a Microsoft dominated environment you better be prepared for this as the impact to your productivity may be big in the beginning. The biggest problem to me has been that the Senior Management is not always on a level that I would expect them to be. There is a lot of variance in how they set the expectations, support their subordinates and especially how they present themselves as leaders. Maybe it is bad luck or maybe I'm not the right fit for the company, but this has also made me consider my options with other employers."
6793,Can be challenging understanding org structure with such a large and complex sales machine.
6805,"Unfortunately Salesforce is falling behind on how they train, promote and retain talent. It feels like it is more important to know the right people and be part of the “boys club” rather than showing success, numbers, compassion, head room and willingness to learn. Static head count rules and less flexibility around quota setting makes it frustrating to achieve numbers with impacts that are out of control of the remit of a team are. Furthermore equal pay for equal work isn’t lived through the organisation. Particularly for longterm employees who are showing loyalty and passion are being deprived in the pay scale compared to external candidates. They are being paid significantly more in the same roles as long term employees who are promoted internally."
6807,Fast paced so difficult to keep up.
6812,"No really significant cons as yet but everything seems geared towards very rapid growth. If, for some reason, the growth stalled Salesforce could be a very different place."
6816,"-95% of the office is Sales, presales or customer success group. New jobs will open but you have few options to move of department at the moment within Spain."
6823,High variable comp. vs a high base
6825,Not enough people know how awesome Salesforce is but the market is slowly becoming aware of what we do and the incredible impact we can have on their businesses and their customers.
6830,- Culture in India is diminishing a little - An enterprise operated with a Startup culture. Lot of work everyday but that will be challenging to those who want to learn quickly
6832,"The career progression is slower than it was before, baby is now an adult. If you are in Europe, especially Dublin, the office and the ""Google"" like culture is not here."
6836,Never enough resources to address the opportunity in front of us Long hours - we work hard
6838,- Overall process took almost 2 months - Had several interviews in the end with quite a high degree of repetition of questions
6839,A lot of politics. Management is not great about explaining decisions made on the business. Sometimes feel like all I do is work - it can definitely take over your life.
6842,"Entry level positions demand a lot of work. There is a constant need to impress, and the way you present yourself is what will give you an extra push to your future role."
6851,AS the company is growing in Hyderabad it would be good to groom leaders internally. Career growth seems to be limited.
6856,"The offices are located in sandyford which is quite far from the city centre, the commute from the city centre takes around 30 minutes using the free exective bus transfers."
6857,"Could do better with career planning, especially for remote employees."
6859,Structure for managing multi-national accounts still needs some refinement. Free chocolate
6866,"It’s busy m, hectic with intel and it’s target driven which can be a stressful balancing act at times"
6875,the pace is very fast. it can be sometimes a bit overwhelming
6881,"Italy team is growing fast but still small, for example in business support functions"
6886,- increasingly complex organizational structure - crowded offices in regional hubs - work-life balance is still difficult despite the company’s strong promotion of it
6890,"- Minimum induction / orientation, everything learnt through ""Concierge""; - Super fast pace projects, short runway."
6892,"The salary in Dublin isn't outstanding, given that the cost of living keep rising steadily. The company is also very leadership focused."
6895,"nothing, really great place to work"
6897,Vancouver office really small and not well maintained
6904,- Promotion revolves around interview performance instead of day to day performance - Although they try hang onto startup culture this is very difficult given the size of the company
6905,- Over-reliance on events in Marketing - Constant change can be overwhelming for some - Many products in the portfolio sometimes a challenge in marketing
6913,- Can get very busy
6916,1. The non referral process is really tough 2. The opportunity in India is very less
6918,Salesforce is constantly recognized as one of best employers in the world and I can't think of anything that needs to be improved.
6923,Balance Personal & Pro Life
6924,> Work-life balance can be challenging
6925,"work/life balance depending of your role, internal communication"
6927,"Little to none! Pay could be slightly better, but this is more so because you can demand a great income at other businesses based on a couple years of awesome experience at Salesforce."
6930,- Still lots of tribal knowledge and a few duplicate systems - Who you know is very important to your overall experience and success
6933,strong sales focus across teams and roles
6936,- Increasing lack of transparency from upper management. - Growth having a negative affect on standards and culture. - Recent introduction of hot desking has turned the office into an impersonal and unwelcoming place to be. It's cost savings at the expense of employees interests. - Uncertainty over future unified office location in Dublin.
6938,- Overall process took almost 2 months - Had several interviews in the end with quite a high degree of repetition of questions
6951,- competitive landscape - location of Dublin office is in the souther area of Dublin
6954,"Loads of new information every day, be able to cope with new info and delivery high sales performance can be challenging"
6959,"- Less concern for individual contributors. - Partner management sucks. - Almost $0 for Marketing Events in this region (Greater China) - Many people enjoy sucking up to the management, cos it works all the time."
6960,"You work hard, but you are rewarded for your hard work."
6961,Sometimes too much noise and internal duties/tasks that can be spent better with customers and potential customers.
6962,"- Career development not always clear - Corporate - clear hierarchy, hard to get new ideas working"
6965,"Some patch are tougher than others like anywhere else. Be patient, work and talent will pay out"
6966,"Loads of new information every day, be able to cope with new info and delivery high sales performance can be challenging"
6967,- Volunteering sometimes is too much - Working in EMEA for USA is hard (Timezone requires extra effort)
6970,"- Demanding customers and sometimes high-stress assignments - Good amount of travel required (can be good if you want to travel a lot) - Bonus/variable payouts done through complex calculation - sometimes engagement lose sight of the best possible technical solution and can be less satisfying for techies - KPIs and measures based on $-value and customer feedback and less on quality of design - Project delivery management not as strong as sales and misses common management tools/templates - Prince, PMP, etc."
6972,very hard work and a lot of stress
6974,I joined this company with great aspiration and my dream shattered within a couple of weeks. From Managers to Upper Management in AMER shift in India craves for CSAT ...they push engineers to pitch surveys... total breach with customer ethics and core values of salesforce. Support Agent is like a survey machine nothing more than that...in fact the team never cares about the learning and enhancing the skills of Engineers. Rather find a way to get the good survey. I left the company in frustration due to these malpractices and learning curve was zero.
6977,Nonenot cons for this company
6978,travel approvals / team building
6980,Would like a wider variety of benefits.
6983,"- Like all the big companies, there is a complexity in some internal processes (but less than others where I've been in the past) - Many products means many teams organized in different ways, not that easy to understand - Variable pay is based on different metrics and some times is hard to calculate/predict"
6990,Set ways to promotion which can’t be accelerated
6992,Work life balance. High pressure on support agents
7001,"- Since company is growing fast in Hyderabad, there is space contention. The leadership could have planned the office space per growth plan. SF Hyderabad office has already full and they are still hiring. - Onboarding can be little better."
7002,It is expanding very fast and hard to stay across all of the products
7005,"Work is growth, and leadership"
7007,Wish my role was more technical.
7011,Strong focus on growth and performance
7013,continued territory splitting and quota increases - makes longevity tricky
7014,As Salesforce is growing at a fast rate and now over 30.000 people you will encounter and have to manage internal politics to get things done for your customers. However compared to other big corporate IT companies this is still a breeze for me.
7017,Location of Dublin office
7021,"None so far, great place to work."
7026,no dental - it really is a great place to work
7032,"While Salesforce touts its 'Ohana', being in a company that size means that you do feel like a number sometimes rather than a person. Can be a very intense place to work. While they do promote work-life balance, the amount of work you have on your plate means that you're working long hours and weekends a lot of the time."
7034,lots of processes to learn
7035,"Pace - Salesforce moves at speed, juggling multiple elements all at once"
7039,"For some roles, the performance bonus is based on billed time over the year, so ""bench"" time as consultant does not help much to reach 100% performance even if the effective work was good for the client."
7059,Salesforce is extremely HQ centric . While not a complete con - A lot of the company's growth is fueled through inorganic acquisition as opposed to organic efforts within the company.
7066,"No really significant cons as yet but everything seems geared towards very rapid growth. If, for some reason, the growth stalled Salesforce could be a very different place."
7083,"Regional management, not a real integration as a team for deliver the best experience to customers, good culture but not applied locally outside USA"
7085,1. No proper Hikes 2. complete politics based promotions and by the end of the day they will arrange a meeting and will tell some stories and add words called TRUST and TRANSPARENCY. 3. A lot of work pressure you need to work like a donkey. 4. All managers they will bring their brothers and relatives as employees even though they do not know ABC of Salesforce. 5. Managers will conduct the daily meeting with zero outcome and useless talks.
7086,-Very very demanding job -Extreme stress -Huge quotas -Complicated and challenging internal environment
7087,"Office space still under development in South Europe, but improving."
7089,"Here I am going to give reviews about salesforce demo eng team based in India. A lot of comparison between the team members which demoralise you every day. No technical manager/leader/boss in India. Flattery always works like a charm with the leaders. Team do not follow ""no gift policy"". Leaders of this team love to take expensive gifts from the team members. You can enjoy lunch for hours and hours if you are with mangers of this team. Very strict rules for office timing (9:30 you reach office or you better be prepared for the day). Though this rule is not applicable for leaders of this team. Mangers/Leaders put lot of pressure to get 5 out of 5 star from the clients you are working with. You will learn the high politics in very early age of career"
7094,lots of processes to learn
7096,"Can be hard to keep up the pace at times, with so many projects going around."
7098,Work life balance is a challenge but it is supported by management.
7100,You need to set your Work/Life balance
7102,Nothing is perfect but the tiny tweeks required are happening in real time to try and make the life here as enjoyable and productive as possible. Salesforce don't actually have the cleanest use of the Salesforce app! More app rigour could help with account team changeovers as there is a loss of info when teams swap. The sales commission on very big deals is heavily reduced
7108,"- Hours are long, especially at the end of quarters, occasional weekend required - Occasionally too politically correct - Very sales team focused, all other areas can be made to feel like you are 2nd best to them - Split offices mean that most events and senior management locate themselves in one. As based in the other it can lead to a distant feeling. - My team don't do many events or socialising outside the office, but many others do"
7109,There are now cons working at Salesforce
7110,"The job is not very challenging, but is temporary however - you get the chance to get to know your network and company better in the meantime. The salary is quite low. Office situated in Sandyford instead of city center."
7111,high pressure results driven environment. Salesforce isnt the fastest growing software company by accident
7118,Work life balance and benefits could be more agressive
7119,Pace of change is fast and relentless. Sometimes too much info and initiatives to keep up with.
7123,AS the company is growing in Hyderabad it would be good to groom leaders internally. Career growth seems to be limited.
7126,No Cons very satisfied with the company
7132,Rate of change is very high
7146,"if you don't like change it is the wrong company, Salesforce is a fast moving business and you need to be able to keep up!"
7149,- competitive landscape - location of Dublin office is in the souther area of Dublin
7154,"The infrastructure is not great, but decent."
7155,work life balance isn't the best
7158,Very limited progression in UK office Most sales jobs that Business development would have progressed to have moved to dublin
7160,Work load is to intensive for time given
7167,Having to regurgitate the company values on a regular basis
7176,"With the company growing so quickly, there are constant changes in processes and management which can be confusing. It is sometimes hard to see a career path, even though the company is growing extremely well."
7177,"-Challenging -High targets -As the company grows, more processes and procedures in place"
7179,- not enough space for how fast the company is growing
7180,"Nothing as of now. No company provided transport, maybe HR can review and address this concern. Also need to ensure that the culture at hyderabad is consistent with that in HQ, San Francisco"
7184,"Salesforce is going through growing pains in the areas of office capacity, establishing a brand in India, and dealing with young employees."
7188,* Very fast paced * Work hard
7195,Measurements of performance are not aligned with activities performed within job description. The job is not sustainable because of the nature of cold calling.
7196,"lots of communications, tons of opportunities to engage in different activities. One need to choose among a great palette!!!"
7200,"I just started working here, so i don't have critical informations about it"
7201,Learning curve to learn tech tools Constant change
7213,"giant company, may not suitable for those who want more freedom or flexibility of doing you r job."
7217,"- Less concern for individual contributors. - Partner management sucks. - Almost $0 for Marketing Events in this region (Greater China) - Many people enjoy sucking up to the management, cos it works all the time."
7220,"Some pressure on the results, Complex product to understand and master"
7222,You need to work a lot
7223,Company system and it doesn't have more chances
7224,"You need to expend time preparing the Panel, it is a very good exercise but needs a lot of preparation so I would recommend to go to the Panel only if you are sure you want to go to the company, otherwise you will expend a lof of your free time in it and it won´t be worth."
7226,"Very demanding company, strong involvement"
7231,Be prepared to work very hard but get rewarded accordingly
7235,"Performance objectives, work/life balance, information overload"
7237,"Very demanding company, that can generate some hard work."
7238,You need to set your Work/Life balance
7239,I don't really have any. I enjoy my job very much.
7240,"Work Life Balance, Time management, Lack of supporting functions"
7241,"Time consuming, must be at each time vey curious"
7244,Work–life balance need to be improved (in my position a lot of travel).
7246,"Still new to company, none found so far."
7250,Organization and structures not always keep pace with the growth of the company.
7252,"Salary increases and promotions are restricted to the 'boys club'. The Ohana culture is well touted internally and externally, but the reality is that the focus is purely on growth and sales with little concern for employees ZERO work/life balance, I've now heard that we should be considering work/life integration instead! Sales people count has grown exponentially, however the sales support functions have not, therefore there is a very limited pool of support resources. Expect 12-16 hour days if in sales. Be ready to drink from a fire hose when it comes to information overload No real structure Becoming a 'revolving door' company with account executives"
7253,"No cons, It's the best place to work!"
7258,"No lunch provided, not always flexible for times off"
7261,Moves fast - you need to stay on your toes.
7264,"1. Horrible management and lack of leadership and responsibility 2. Salesforce Hyd R&D does not hold the title well since most of the work is service based. 3. The R&D management does not offer growth, leaders of this group are very impatient and rude. Not worth being in good books. No respect given to peer’s and sub-ordinates, R&D management is only concerned about its own position and growth. 4. The management in Hyd office will claim that Salesforce among the best companies to work for - this is true but only applies to the US head office, certainly does not apply to Hyd office. 5. Don't be surprised that young employees working in this company for quiet some time can be political and very influential. 6. The maturity in most employees is below par. They have only one thought in mind, how to grow and get more money no matter if they have to step over there own colleague. 7. Work life balance is bad in some teams. Expectation is you will have to slog and meet the deadlines. If you don't then you need to look elsewhere. 8. Salesforce Hyd has always been on the HQ's radar in terms of quality of work and deliveries. Unfortunately the situation is not good. 9. Quality of work is ridiculously below par. People don't care if the code is messed up, all that is important is releasing the product with the proposed feature. 10. In some teams, employees argue and embarrass each other with respect to deliveries. They don’t care about one’s self respect, no respect for other colleague, finger pointing is a very common phenomenon. 11. Feedback sickness - management will constantly take feedback from diff employees working in your team, if anyone gives wrong feedback; that will not be communicated back to you, instead it will be used against u. 12. Employees in most teams are impatient and hungry for growth. Verdict – Employees in this company have low self-respect and self-esteem."
7266,"A bit stressful, however Sales team are always stressful no matter where."
7272,"- very competitive, cut-throat sales environment - challenging work"
7274,"Very sale-led culture, many stakeholders to manage"
7278,More sucess recognition and encourage team spirit events
7286,Not a whole lot of diversity in the Sales org
7287,Need more focus on work/life balance like any fast growing companies
7289,Takes more time to explain the topics
7293,High stress in a sales role.
7302,"If you're not driven to perform and create your own results, you won't enjoy it or prosper."
7305,"Choose your manager wisely, this is the difference between I love my job and I loath my job. If you receive an under performing patch, your experience of Salesforce will be vastly different."
7311,"-go get promoted, it is very challenging for working moms and parents in general to have a good work life balance -too much self promotion needed to get promoted vs looking at people's actual work because of Salesforce's culture"
7313,- High sales targets (yet achievable) - Very competitive working environment
7316,-Can be hard to manage work life balance at times based on quota attainment
7319,"giant company, may not suitable for those who want more freedom or flexibility of doing you r job."
7320,Sometimes difficult to maintain a fun team environment with such a large company
7323,"Huge array of products/ solutions take time to learn, which is constant due to the number of acquisitions."
7326,- Promotions are not transparent (Switzerland offices) - There are not many young employees to create a more dynamic working environment (Switzerland offices)
7328,Is less easy to achieve annual quota
7329,"- Mid-Management have prominently been promoted through the business from the Dublin SMB hub, and therefore lack basic management skills, and typically are more concerned about managing up and their careers over yours. - Very little internal personal or professional development. - Each Sales team does their own things (Forecasts/meetings, etc), with very little synergy or combined learning. Which has fostered a very ugly competitive and back-handed culture - with lack of trust a core problem throughout the UK, especially when dealing with US colleagues. - Lots of very talented people, from all aspects, Marketing, Product, and Sales have left the business, with their replacements (typically Graduates) lacking the basic skills."
7337,Managing work life balance is sometimes hard
7346,"Office space still under development in South Europe, but improving."
7351,pantry needs to be improved
7354,"growing too fast, need to get good r&d work to hyderabad"
7364,Expect working more than 55h Hard to balance personal and professional life
7368,Sometimes difficult to maintain a fun team environment with such a large company
7371,Salesforce is a huge company and it can be difficult to navigate responsibilities
7378,Communication between cross function team can be improved
7382,Workload can be challenging when deals need to be closed
7384,Extremely busy role with veryoften not enough hours in the day to achieve the days goals. Late nights and weekend work sometimes required to complete a project but the salary and benefits outweigh this negative and the company is very appreciative. Recruitment process is long and intense to ensure you are a proper fit for the company / culture / team you are joining.
7392,"Most people I work with is on a different time zone, making things complicated. US people sometimes ignore the rest of the world."
7393,Business is changing so rapidly all the time- it can be exhausting trying to constantly be agile and cope with a large work load.
7398,"- company is growing and they put a lot of management layers, in this sense its getting very political - in business development they are working towards operational excellence meaning that there is pretty much no room for own initiative anymore as they come up with the message and the contacts you should reach out to - middle management get promoted quite quick as they company is growing, not always the best people on the right spot."
7399,Little time to reflect as pace so fast
7402,Pace of Innovation can be exhausting Very hard to get a good work-life-balance Dynamic Growth of Employees putting strains on Employee Success and sometimes creates chaos
7404,Metrics for employees in support makes employee feel a bit pressure
7412,"Nothing, this is the best company I have ever worked for"
7415,No Cons experienced till yet in the company
7424,very fast pace environment salaries could be more competitive compared to the industry average
7427,"- There are 4 layers of management between you and the person who manages SMB . All these layers are forecasting to each other and it just seems to fuel the micromanagement activity and meetings for the sake of meetings culture. - Managers only care about their team number and really don't care about how you are doing individually. Leads to micromanagement when the team isn't doing well. If you are doing well, there's no real incentive for you to do better for the sake of the team, it's just what your manager wants. - Territories and verticals are very uneven. Best territories given to more tenured AEs which happens in a lot of companies, but makes your first year difficult to succeed without some luck. - Really not much culture day to day. There are team dinners and days out but not much is done to create a sense of fun in the job itself. This was the same even in the office. - No recognition outside of $ closed. - Apart from one or two, the product specialists only seem to want to help when your deal is about to close."
7435,Needs to provide competitive salaries to Customer Support Group folks. Too low Salary and high expectations from Developer Support Engineers.
7447,how much ever a company may be good a manager screw it up
7451,So fast growing that they struggle to find the best staff
7454,"Work life, Politics, Company size, HQ centric"
7456,"Do not join Salesforce Industries(Vlocity Team) unless you want to ruin your life and career. They are just lucky that they got acquired by Salesforce and now on the name of Salesforce people like us join and get stuck. Their management is very immature and will have expectations from you like working over weekend, working late nights, completing dev works of 3 weeks in 3 days. This team is just like a start-up company. Management is very rude and arrogant. No Work-life balance, Micro Management. This team wont let you change team internally. No career opportunities. No Culture. No Diversity."
7459,"Long hours, high stress and a lot to learn from day 1"
7460,Very fast paced and sometimes stressful.
7465,no down side so far. I am sure there will be some on the way but no company is perfect and the plus points will more than make up for any challenges
7468,Needs to provide competitive salaries to Customer Support Group folks. Too low Salary and high expectations from Developer Support Engineers.
7472,Sometimes challenging objectives assigned to the team
7475,Limited carrier opportunities in Ireland
7477,You'll need to find your life's balance
7480,Extremely Micromanagement. Leaders don’t listen to their sales employees. Well-being is just a nice word to promote but then they don’t respect business hours.
7486,salesforce has a limited sales channel limiting GTM model
7487,Very intense politics. No shuttle facility
7496,"Mentions it, but doesn't empower managers to offer work/life balance to employees. Management is pressed to deliver increases in productivity with fewer and fewer employees. Boasts record profits, then lays off thousands of employees during a pandemic."
7502,No Cons so far its been more than 2 years I am working in Salesforce
7515,"Can be extremely fast paced at times, but rewarding if you can handle it"
7518,Extra pressure for support engineer
7522,the pay at this company is average but decent with progression
7523,"As a member of an acquired company, I expected a bit of turbulence during the turnover period, but the disruptions were more significant than I expected. I feel a bit of loss for the culture I joined with. Advancement is a bureaucratic and slow process. To retain staff, they should look into offering benefits that are easier to access, investing in the employee experience in meaningful ways, and prioritizing movement towards and access to advancement."
7524,Unfortunately your success in sales is really dependent on your territory and timing of the customer. I personally was unlucky with the management as well due to a lot of changes.
7527,the pay at this company is average but decent with progression
7534,"None, thanks. I enjoyed my entire recruitment process, it was very structured. In case of any delays, I was informed, I appreciate that."
7535,"The Pace, leadership style varies a lot from one manager to the next"
7537,- Very enterprise focused with less attention on SMB
7542,Waited to long to start the next chapter of my career here.
7547,Honored to work there i love it
7553,Very very fast paced tricky to balance work and learning
7560,"Salesforce is a great company, But not the Hyderabad support management. Especially the Hyderabad APAC MC premier Management. There are so many unethical things happening. Trust and equality are one of the core values of Salesforce, But it seems APAC MC premier Management doesn't care these core values. There is no equality shown in terms of work, The management shows partiality and allow their favourites to take easy case/work they want and put pressures on others."
7561,Sometimes processes are very well defined and can be slow
7578,Expecting innovative way of doing business Anticipating more progress
7583,"No Cons for salesforce, great"
7586,The work is not that good
7596,"Busy, Hard, Fast, High Quality Output, Competition"
7606,Career progression minimal if you want to aspire to more
7608,High pace enviroment with many changes.
7616,"Tech stack , work quality, less growth in terms of learning."
7626,Still management need to improve
7632,"none so far, I have been in the company for 9 months now."
7634,"Salesforce is a great company, But not the Hyderabad support management. Especially the Hyderabad APAC MC premier Management. There are so many unethical things happening. Trust and equality are one of the core values of Salesforce, But it seems APAC MC premier Management doesn't care these core values. There is no equality shown in terms of work, The management shows partiality and allow their favourites to take easy case/work they want and put pressures on others."
7636,Never forget how amazing when being a part of this company
7641,"Not many internal team events, culture driven activities"
7647,-fast moving -sometimes corporate -complex -need full ramp phase for: -onboarding
7650,"There is no downside to Working here. However, Salesforce is one of the fast paces companies, and things move fast and you needs to catch up, learn and deliver fast."
7652,"Self serve environment, many new hires."
7658,Lots of organizational changes create mental stress
7665,"Fast paced, stress of achieving target every month"
7670,difficult to achieve goals. Very high goals
7672,increasing workload during pandemic times
7673,*hard to navigate career growth
7674,"Heavy workload for some departments, however company is promoting work-life balance"
7698,"- monthly forecasting (big company, high accountability to monthly numbers) - sometimes hard to navigate but overall people are willing to help - product is highest priced in market (good and bad, very competitive space)"
7699,terrible leadership across the company
7701,Not many cons. Must multitask well!
7706,Pace and growth can be challenging
7712,"Was told that there is flexibility to work from home but it depends on the teams.My team prefers working in the office.I prefer working remote as I feel I am productive when I work from home as I can work more without having to stress out being stuck but I am pressurized to get to work.Being a global company, I think the managers need to be offer many remote/home-based work options and not micro manage about working from the office. Of course those instructions need to come from the leadership which this company lacks."
7720,Tough work life balance to maintain
7723,Long hours but rewarding experience.
7724,"- The company moves very fast. - There is very little room for mistakes. - People expect you to put in 110% all the time, which is easy if you love your job."
7725,"While there are some down times, its not uncommon for me to work 10+ hours a day and into the weekends with travel (more normally 1x/week but sometimes 2x/week). With our diverse product set, the list of what a CORE SE is supposed to know grows constantly with insufficient specialist support. I'm a high performer in terms of ACV, but since our comp is more weighted towards team goals I'd rather have a life than have the extra few bucks. I've been asking for help all year, but hiring hasn't kept up with attrition on the team so its getting worse rather than better. I think management does care, but it takes so long to hire and onboard new SEs it takes 3-6 months to get any relief. The promotion process is murky, leaving me wondering if its even worth it to do this. The company says it cares about health and wellness, but Sales is a company within a company with its own culture. In that culture ACV > everything."
7729,- Open floor seating (makes concentrating on a task very hard) - Workflow is extremely sporadic - Cool kids club - Hardly any training. This was over-promised and under-delivered
7736,"Supporting resources, career growth coaching, pay"
7746,"Politics and egos are rampant and get in the way of getting things done and feeling a sense of accomplishment. Constantly changing priorities combined with ever growing silo'd thinking/execution can impact job satisfaction. Extremely poor management practices due to new/inexperienced managers, managers with egos who don't understand how to lead a ""team"" to success, and downright unethical behavior with HR turning a blind eye. If you're lucky to get a good manager - someone who advocates for you, highlights your work, and ensures their success through the success of their team - hold on for dear life!"
7747,"Fire drills. Our company is rapidly growing and we are constantly innovating, which is great! But, it also means that the game plan last year is different from this year's approach. There are fire drills, and strategy shifts. The culture is supportive to the needs of working parents, family needs, personal issues... but anyone considering Salesforce should know... you'll see a few fire drills now and again."
7749,"Like at any enterprise tech company, the work is big and complex. With responsibility over projects that affect hundreds to thousands of people, balancing work priorities and personal life can feel a bit rocky at times. Fortunately, there is always a bright mind to turn to for help and no shortage of motivated, hard-working people around you to get the job done and have a little fun while doing it."
7757,None as of now. So far best company I have worked for
7759,None. Everything is perfect at salesforce
7762,"No loyalty. I was an employee for nearly 7 years. Every year I received a stellar performance review, a good raise and bonus, and more stock. I even won awards for innovation and developing new ways to work. At one point it ""was"" a great place to work. In late 2013, I got a new manager. She made lots of comments about wanting people on her team who were ""young and hungry"". I turned 58 last year and assume I just got too old for her and the company. She eliminated my job, told me it wasn't personal, gave me a 6 week severance package and sent me on my way. Now, after 15 months of unemployment, I've lost my house, am living in my car and desperately trying to find a job. I had a great career that was ruined by this manager. HR let it happen knowing what a good employee I was. They just wanted to make my manager happy. For all their claims of being socially conscious and their philanthropic work, they certainly didn't care about me. The company is very calculated in their claims about promoting women. Right before I left, they had terminated at least 12 female VP's. Some were replaced with men."
7763,"Being a remote employee I wish we had dedicated monthly times to take trips to work/meet with your team! With that being said, they have no problem with remote employees taking the time to go visit and immerse themselves with their teams. I just wish it was more frequent and scheduled!"
7765,"Management is full of hyprocrisy. Salesforce's core values include things like transparency and equality, both of which have been completely ignored on our team (and apparently also on other teams after reading other reviews here). There is a complete lack of communication from the top down, which makes our team unable to perform our work well. Furthermore, there is little feedback on how we can get promotions or raises. There is a culture of not giving feedback and you need to ""read between the lines"" in order to know what feedback there is (this is what was told to me by management). On our team, promotions are given to the men more often than the women, and men with the same title and less experience as women have higher salaries. Also, the skill of managing people isn't seen as part of the requirements of being a people manager. A lot of people who are great individual contributors get promoted to Manager and aren't very good at their new job of dealing with their direct reports, but upper management doesn't care. Work life balance is also not very flexible during busy season (which lasts from October through March)."
7769,"- Work environment is highly politicized in projects, promotions, and basically anything you do - Not everyone is pulling their own weight - Very little accountability in the organization. The company did away with formal performance reviews a few years ago. There is a culture of praise here, so constructive feedback is rarely given - Roles and teams are incredibly silo'd now. This is not the place to be if you're looking to grow and develop your career in a multitude of different ways - Easy to get lost in the sea of things: the company has grown way too large in recent years - Growth and progression are slow. Career development is non-existent if you remain in your current position. Since there are so many employees now, each job that an employee has is incredibly specific, so if you want a change of pace, you'd have to change out of your role entirely Also, for what it's worth, I strongly believe that Salesforce actively reaches out to news outlets and pays to get on those ""Best Employer"" lists that come out yearly. I wouldn't be surprised if they had people in HR write numerous positive reviews to artificially inflate the Glassdoor scores."
7770,"Management wants to get great survey scores from clients, but tied our hands on budget/scope on engagements with no wiggle room"
7771,Huge variation in talent and leveling due to fast growth - opportunity for fast growth has now slowed and is determined more on time in role than talent. Managers often are tough - have had little people management training. Marketing plays backseat to sales in the organization.
7772,Lack of diversity and equality; heavy emphasis on referrals contributes to this
7775,"Be ready to do it all on your own, and be on call all the time. ""You are getting paid to a lot to be available"""
7776,Slow advancement in career prospects.
7779,Work life balance can get iffy sometimes
7780,"The product I am supporting is complex, and it has taken much longer for me to get up to speed than I expected."
7787,Work is hard and they'll work you hard
7790,"Totally spoiled working for Salesforce. Hard to imagine working for another company not as excellent. Also, not really cons, but challenges: it's hard to balance an intense, growing, sales-oriented company with all the good work, culture, and support we receive. Salesforce is among the best at balancing, but there are no silver bullets. Company has grown to a very large size quickly and managing scale is also challenging. Again, the culture and communication make it among the best at this size and growth rate, but it too can be a challenge sometimes."
7799,Big company so same layer’s of managemen tI work thur
7800,"For specialists, you can be at the mercy of core teams as they have a hard time multi-tasking. Tend to hire from within, which is fine but tends to only have AE's that focus on CRM tools."
7805,"Disconnects between product management and engineering that are impactful to delivery speed and quality, 24/7 international business (pro and con) which makes work/life balance something that must be very well looked after."
7813,Need more work from home options for those in sales
7815,"Salesforce boasts of impressive principles and champions forward-thinking. However, there are dozens of Indianapolis-based teams operating within a shame-based culture; teams led by managers who neither lead nor manage. Leaders are supposed to inspire and support their engineers. Instead, these ""leaders"" ridicule and demand their teams work at an unsustainable pace until engineers change teams or leave the company altogether."
7819,"They don't have separate developers and SQA. They do ""Hybrid Engineering."" Which means everyone tests and everyone develops. So naturally testing often gets neglected. Their medical benefits were 2nd or 3rd rate. They were losing good people where I worked because of this."
7820,Diminishing respect for Sales Engineering Profession. Less compelling career opportunities. Lagging customer success. Overly aggressive sales culture. Low-quality account executives.
7823,Career Advancement is hard as too much competition both inside out
7824,engineering culture can be a bit lacking. Technology is not the best in the core teams
7827,Not always clear how we make an impact for the customer
7829,Promotions are dependant on how fast your team/department grows.
7831,"* Slow to match industry standards for technology frameworks and practices * Delayed longterm plans for the above, or rushed approaches that results in a company-wide approach with too many gaps to support many teams' needs * My specific cloud is typically under-resourced and people often move between teams to fulfill needs * My specific cloud also operates on a slower release schedule (3x a year) * Some management and employees can be quite immature/unprofessional"
7833,I truly don't have any cons at the moment. I'm 6 months in and everything has been spectacular.
7834,"-BDR salary isn't great, but benefits are good"
7841,The company did a lot of acquisitions. All need time to be fully aligned.
7852,The snacks are amazing. Great place.
7853,Promotion consistency Career opportunities Ability to take time off and disconnect (great PTO benefit though) General disconnect of senior management from overall department and day-to-day responsibilities
7860,Working at a satellite campus isn’t as great as working in headquarters.
7861,Lot of strategic changes and shifts
7863,"(1) Frequent Re-orgs: Salesforce's ""secret"" to success is to be ruthlessly customer-focused ... as it should be. This means that everything is done to make sure we continue to grow ... again as it should be. This means however that re-orgs are quite frequent and also the employee-turnover. (2) Title inflation: When I accepted the job offer, I thought I would make a career progression, which it was title wise, but after I joined I realized that I had in fact less responsibility than before. This wasn't obvious to me because the compensation was considerably higher than at my previous company. I wished I had asked more questions and had asked for a higher title. (3) No cafeteria at HQ: you need to leave the building to grab food. This by itself is not a big issue. In fact, it means you have so many different lunch options ... every day. Yet, the ability to socialize with co-workers within your team and more importantly outside your team is not as easy as at companies where there is a common lunch area. At my previous company, lunch break was an opportunity to run into people and have a quick chat, which was helpful for maintaining relationships."
7864,"The pressure to deliver can be very intense and certain times of the year can be exhausting -- fiscal year end is non-stop working, weekends, late nights, etc."
7866,Fast-paced for new hires from non-technology background
7869,"As the company has gotten larger, more politics and expanding into realms outside its legacy technologies, is on a learning curve/culture change..."
7872,"Salesforce produces Entitled and quite frankly, arrogant people. They tell you to pat yourself on the back because ""its harder to get into Salesforce than Harvard""... people repeat this at bootcamp, when they didn't even attend Harvard. Training is all online Trailhead badges, and not personal training with objection handling, interaction and just a bunch of ""Salesforce is the best and the competitor sucks"", their management and team breeds arrogance, ignorance and lack of humanity. Salesforce is all smoke and mirrors, great place to work, but their sales teams all stab eachother in the back. Try asking people about the relationships between EMEA and NorthAmerica on accounts. They claim #1 place to work but ask around, people get sick of being a cog in the corporate system. Salesforce is great marketers but peel back the onion, on integrating the clouds."
7874,"fast pace leaves the human factor behind. in a fast-changing business, work often gets discarded. mgmt get ahead of themselves, projects move too fast, creating waste, repetition, and loss of morale. shallow creative mindset, more about getting things done regardless of aesthetics. mgmt employs traditional project mgmt ways, shows fear/avoidance in interfacing with subordinates, and fails to treat people as company values aspire. shallowness, fakeness, and passive aggressiveness abounds. ok environ for juniors who want a happy ra-ra culture at the expense of being surrounded by people who show they genuinely care about your well being."
7875,"work/ life balance, becoming more corporate, smaller tasks are getting assigned, does not offer full meals ( lunches) rather than small snacks"
7877,"Cons change from day to day, but we have some serious first world problems here at Salesforce. My latest gripe is on our food vendor change. We no longer have dozens of healthy (free) snack options. With this new change the junk food variety has increased while our healthy options have gone down hill. Because of our gripes changes are supposedly coming soon."
7884,None; it is a great place to work
7885,Challenging for working parents. Some leaders still play favorites and micromanage.
7891,"It takes a bit of time to really understand what they are doing, but not really a negative but sometimes could be overwhelming for a new comer ..so just have patience and you will do well."
7897,"The only challenge with a growing company is your territories change on a yearly basis, but this can also be an advantage. Depends on how you want to look at it, as the feedback was about 50/50. RVP's change every year and sometimes in the middle of the year, but again take it either way. You may be the one getting promoted to the new RVP position."
7899,"- Being in the field is vastly different than working at headquarters or at a large site - Premium pricing and increased competition can create difficult sales environment - There is definitely an ""every man for himself"" attitude in the field"
7900,Team members are stretched thin across a lot of partners and responsibilities.
7920,Hybrid engineering org (has its benefits and downfalls) Less focus on offices that are remote to major centers like San Francisco or Indianapolis.
7922,"Executive leadeship has a vision and stated values that don't necessarily trickle down to the rank and file. Favoritism, backstabbing, biases, and politicking typical of any large corporation in rampant. If you're lucky, you'll have a good manager or be your manager's favorite. If that is the case, you might be very happy here. Work-life balance doesn't exist and there are constant changes of direction. My best advice: Don't let it take over your life with happy hours and ""ohana"" talk. Work SMART, learn everything you can, network, build your brand, watch your back, and get out at the 3 year mark."
7923,"The pace of the business and growth is relentless, everyone works hard to keep up."
7931,Can be challenging to keep up with the very fast pace.
7934,"expected to be in the office daily for some departments/positions; difficult to have quiet, focused, uninterrupted time to just work due to frequent interruptions and meetings."
7937,Hot and long hours.
7947,You have to be a performer here! No slackers!
7948,"Underneath the facade, Salesforce is focused on perception more than reality. VTO isn't volunteer time off at all. It's voluntold time on-top (of existing work load) for most of the company. We have targets for VTO set, but many business units aren't staffed appropriately to actually take the time off. Instead it's just adding work load on top of our existing work load. Also, the company really exemplifies the wealth gap, with those at the top heavily rewarded with expensive trips, awards (including cars, watches, etc.) while the majority of the company is paid somewhere around the 75th percentile of industry. We once had a travel freeze but the company still sent the top 100+ employees to a big shindig in Hawaii - and they broadcast it and insisted that everyone across the company ""tune in"" to it remotely. Wow."
7954,"working remote, I miss out on some of the fun"
7958,They are very short staffed in what they call ES/ER which is their version of Human Resources. When you have a challenge or issue they point you to a KB and the avg amount of time to speak to someone is sometimes weeks and it gets worse in other regions. If everything is going great at Salesforce it is a great place to work but if you need HR and have challenges it can be very stressful and you won't get a lot of help.
7968,Decision making hierarchy and seating
7969,"I feel lied to. Everybody talks about the ""culture"" and ""greatness"" of Salesforce but I realized it's all a marketing illusion. Everything is political and coworkers have no sense of compassion or inclusion. People at the company are seemingly fake as well, they give off a pleasant vibe but turn around and trash talk other employees. The work is very bland and the product itself is legacy and uninteresting. There's no room for creativity and innovation at all. I don't understand how Salesforce is at the cutting edge of technology when the product itself is easily reproduced. Benefits and perks are subpar compared to other SF/Bay Area tech, no free lunch, no phone or commuter benefits."
7973,"Kind of boring if you stay long. Not so many choices, and not flexible in areas you are interested, so it really depends on your interest."
7974,None in my opinion. Salesforce is a great company and good people overall.
7980,If you are the kind of person who thrives on appearance and taking credit for others work OR if you're a manager. Then this is the place for you. Work is not connected to pay. The impression of work is. Manager are pretty much guaranteed promotions every year if they don't distribute their budget on promoting their hires. I've known developer who've left because of this and also conscientious managers who were tired of playing the devil. Tripled in size in 3 years and the culture is no more. Now it's a hodgepodge of Microsoft and oracle.
7981,remote employees such as me struggle to find info and support from headquarters.
7985,Need to improve work/life balance
7993,"This is a big company that focuses mostly on B2B tech, so it can feel very corporate. Vibe depends on which division you're in."
7994,Limited professional growth opportunity and lots of red tape
7995,"* Would like to see more accountability for being great managers * Be great to have a real gym in our building (do get a fitness studio (no equipment) and gym discounts) * Better, healthier, more snack and lunch options, including a true cafe"
7997,lots to learn and things are always changing. high quotas.
7999,"- The Kool-Aid. You must LOVE the product, LOVE your team, LOVE your managers, LOVE the process. Oh, and you better LOVE going to happy hours, clubs and team outings with your coworkers. - Because of the terrible work/life balance, brown-nosing to get ahead is very very prevalent. There's a huge amount of gossip and ""buy in"" that's required. It's not a workplace for individuals, it's a workplace for THEIR individual."
8002,- Keeping up with growth
8003,Lack of career planning Oracle hires
8005,"It got big - even bigger now. Still has a great culture for a 10K+ employee company, but getting the Oracle leadership in on the sales side, although necessary for the size and time to grow, stifled the culture a bit."
8007,- QA role varies from team to team. Not very challenging sometimes. -
8008,"- Talent Vacuum - after an acquisition, people tend to leave - Salesforce and ET Cultures both great, but very different"
8009,Work life balance in sales is challenging. Poor job of using modern technology for marketing (heavy reliance on events)
8020,The company has changed a lot in the last few years. Feedback from many people still there is that the culture is changing dramatically and that Oracle is having a reunion of sorts at their expense.
8021,Nothing... Its a joy coming into work every day
8026,"Only a fraction of enterprise reps make their number..if you're a great rep and you work hard you still only have a one in six chance of making your number. Accounts are dolled out like it's the Wild West. Managers pick their favorite rep and assign the best accounts.. Even if your lucky enough to get good accounts (which I was)there are so many reps you will only get 2-3 active accounts. It's also a micro management, Oracle environment... The beatings will continue until morale improves.. Attrition is really, really high. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere."
8030,- Fast growth means less time to stop and smell the roses and revel in accomplishments.
8040,"Salesforce has over 15k employees, about 90% of them are sales guys, which I can not speak for. For R&D: 1. Hiring standards has been deteriorating day by day. We used to be really great at it, but now we are hiring people blindly. If we are to maintain the quality, we need to standardize the process, and learn from top tech companies(as we claim to be one). We pay pretty well compared to top tech firms in bay area, and I am sure with right interview process and effort from recruiters(hire more recruiters and tell them to reach out to everyone), we should we able to hire great engineers. 2. We have too many titles in R&D, this is great to keep employees motivated and promote them and I get that. BUT, you got to respect the title. I have seen people with very less experience and contributions, becoming Principle Engineers. I bet, these so called Principle Engineers, wont be able to pass entry level engineer's interview at a good tech company. PLEASE FIX THIS. 3. Another thing which is hurting the quality of engineering organization is letting QAs move to development without any interviews. I agree with the idea of allowing people to move between roles and do different things, but we must maintain the same interview standards while doing so. We all know that hiring standards for dev and QA are far apart, then letting QAs move to dev so easily has become a shortcut and no one is getting benefitted by this other than the individual. This hurts both dev team (as now they have to explain every line of code to QA) and it also hurts QA team as they will always have to hire new QAs (since the existing ones become dev) 4. I am not sure if this is salesforce or recruiters, but they dont give you good equity if you dont negotiate hard. The equity I have seen so far is around 50% of what a tech company in bay area (at our level) offers. 5. We have a great work culture at company, which is getting polluted by more and more higher management coming from Microsoft and Oracle. I always wonder, why we never get higher management from companies we admire (Google, Facebook, LinkedIn....). Now, these new managers are polluting the culture by thier micromanagement philosophy of earliest companies. For instance, now managers are asking receipt for $7 lunch arranged for a team meeting. This is not salesforce."
8044,I always working long hours
8047,Fast pace is fun but makes life balance challenging.
8050,Very stressful! I had to forgo my work life balance totally!
8052,Need to work on efficiency of repeatable processes
8065,"The role of the Success Architect, previously known as Program Architect, is very challenging. Clients typically sign a one year contract with salesforce for your services - so you are dedicated to one customer at a time, for one year at a time. The role is challenging since you get questions from everybody at the client ecosystem, from junior developers to CIO and BA's to Business leaders. You constantly move from technically complex issues to IT Strategy, adoption, and other matters. Pretty demanding. If you get an out of town customer, then you will be traveling as well (generally at least 50% - can be more). Evenings can be quite lonely since you are the only person from Salesforce services at this customer site."
8066,If you don't work at HQ or a major hub might as well be working on the moon. There seems to be limited career progression and a 'Big Company' mentality in terms of how employees are managed day to day
8069,We run fast. A little tiring at times. But it's part of what I love too.
8071,"Aside from Sales, almost everyone at the company works in Downtown San Francisco. There are a lot of local employees who like that, but it's a substantial commute for the rest of us. Nonetheless, Salesforce is good enough to be worth commuting for."
8074,"The commute to Palo Alto is not always ideal, but it's a small price to pay and there's always a few people from work on the train with you."
8076,"Crazy hours, few rewards, not a lot of support for women in leadership positions within product. Double standards across the organization."
8078,"Would love to have some additional management training, but the one-on-one attention you get from leadership fills a lot of the gaps."
8079,"The pace is fast and can be overwhelming; Surprise projects tend to pop up; I work on a variety of teams, and context switching can lead to inefficiency"
8081,"Some say salesforce is hyper-political, and in some departments it is. Under the new regime, you need to learn to manage up. If your boss is happy, life is pretty good. But don't plan on cracking those inner circles."
8085,A lot of work and not as much of a life/work balance.
8088,The free snacks can challenge weight management.
8090,Mainly cold calls each day
8091,Inconsistent prioritization of features and resources
8095,"SalesForce use to give more stock, and I know that other companies like Microsoft give more stock now. It's a company making a lot of profit, but doesn't really give it back to employees."
8100,"At times there is a lot of training, and products/webinars to push/attend."
8101,"Non of these are cons, per-se, but if they don't fit your personality then maybe the company isn't a fit for you? - fast-paced work environment - surrounded by overachievers, you constantly have to work hard to stay on top - no room for slacking off! - the product is constantly being updated and new things are added, processes change, etc - you have to be adaptable and a fast learner! [if you like sticking to the same routine year after year and working at a slow and steady pace, this may not be a fit for you] - no work-from-home options available for the majority of employees"
8104,"There are very few cons to working at Salesforce. Nothing is perfect, there are definite day-to-day frustrations that come with any job but overall the quality of life is very high."
8111,"-long hours, not much work life balance -big initial learning curve"
8112,Long work weeks and some travel required.
8116,"When you are a new hire, it feels like information overload. The learning curve is very sharp so you need to make sure you are constantly asking questions and gathering as much information as you can. If you someone who doesn't enjoy a competitive environment, this probably wouldn't be the best fit. Otherwise, be ready to work and enjoy building great relationships with your customers and co-workers."
8117,Open floor plan can be noisy at times.
8118,"No loyalty. I was an employee for nearly 7 years. Every year I received a stellar performance review, a good raise and bonus, and more stock. I even won awards for innovation and developing new ways to work. At one point it ""was"" a great place to work. In late 2013, I got a new manager. She made lots of comments about wanting people on her team who were ""young and hungry"". I turned 58 last year and assume I just got too old for her and the company. She eliminated my job, told me it wasn't personal, gave me a 6 week severance package and sent me on my way. Now, after 15 months of unemployment, I've lost my house, am living in my car and desperately trying to find a job. I had a great career that was ruined by this manager. HR let it happen knowing what a good employee I was. They just wanted to make my manager happy. For all their claims of being socially conscious and their philanthropic work, they certainly didn't care about me. The company is very calculated in their claims about promoting women. Right before I left, they had terminated at least 12 female VP's. Some were replaced with men."
8121,There are no cons to this company. May be a lot of travel for people in southbay but they have excellent shuttle service
8122,Company is becoming very large and corporate.
8126,HQ centric. Silo work groups. Not all customers embrace agile.
8134,Need more growth from within
8142,Huge variation in talent and leveling due to fast growth - opportunity for fast growth has now slowed and is determined more on time in role than talent. Managers often are tough - have had little people management training. Marketing plays backseat to sales in the organization.
8147,"Manage Yourself, work on multiple projects"
8150,"In Indianapolis, the company treats contractors as second class citizens. They cram them into over crowded rooms with little space to work. The rooms are hot and uncomfortable making it hard to work. Add in the personal hygiene of some workers and you get the idea. Exclusion from company events and support is the norm."
8156,"Politics, AE Skills, Segmentation, Time for Training"
8158,"This job is not easy, you really need to work hard, dedicate more time than you expect and work very fast."
8161,growing larger and losing some of the family environment
8162,"Feature areas can be siloed, and your success depends a lot on the people around you (including manager, PM, and scrum team). Could be more agile."
8164,A bit of a boiler-room atmosphere given the unyielding focus on the monthly cadence.
8174,The pace of work can be extreme. You tend not to notice because it is an enjoyable environment but it feels like you have to put in lots of extra hours to survive
8179,Changing culture due to influx of Oracle Managers who have recently joined the company Micro-Management
8181,Very hierarchical organization with more VPs than a bank <grin>. Always seemed very tense. Focus on adding new features rather than producing innovative solutions.
8183,"The company's growth is a great thing, but there are challenges with how this impacts corporate culture"
8185,"Hyper competitive, low level of quota attainment"
8203,- Start up like culture with shifting priorities - Frequent product acquisitions
8209,"A couple processes have been caught up with red tape throughout my time here, but that will happen with a big company. Overall, I have few complaints about my time with the company."
8216,"Very political, more interested in number and looking like people are doing thier jobs then actually focusing on ROI and moving the company forward."
8218,I've been here for 6 months and thankful every day for being here.
8219,"too slow in technological updates, particularly in infrastructure side though it is improving a lot now"
8226,"Salesforce is a large company, but you can find an entrepreneurial spirit and freedom in many of the smaller divisions in the company."
8228,There is no cons for working here.
8243,Structural Change can be hard to keep up with and the fast pace can be challenging at times.
8246,"Working as marketing Cloud AE you are a co-prime. Some core AE’s are bossy, but most are very professional."
8248,"There are opportunities for improvement, which is not different from other companies. The difference with Salesforce compared to my former employer is that there is opportunity to make a big impact at Salesforce, which opens the door for doing business better and reduces the red tape."
8249,I haven't experienced many negatives throughout my time at Salesforce but I understand it's a different experience for each employee. There is of course a substantial amount of change but it's part of the natural evolution of a company innovating and growing at this rate.
8251,"This is a hard-working atmosphere, but undeniably rewarding. You will get back what you put in (and more) at salesforce.com."
8260,Fast pace of revenue growth can be a source of stress at times.
8269,Very competitive and lot of politics
8270,Cut throat and political. Hard to get promoted. All depends on your boss and their ability to bring you along. Everything revolves around sales.
8271,"Salesforce talks about the aloha spirit and embracing all new employees from acquired companies. This is not the case. Salesforce disrespected me as a member of the existing management team during our acquisition time, but they had no issues in demanding an excessive amount of my time for information during the acquisition process."
8276,Lot of travel depending upon client needs
8280,"We are now almost 40K, so it helps to be good at navigating people and get your EQ skills on."
8287,"Working in a large company always has its challenges, but overall I have no major complaints."
8289,"There are not really any cons, everybody is friendly, but maybe work scheduling"
8292,Over the top busy at times
8294,Very Heirarchial with too many directors
8296,- test framework - too many test failures and test noise - release cycle super slow
8302,"Very long hours, lots of travel"
8303,"none, Work-life balance is depending on team you are working"
8307,"Its a big company, growing fast, and good people can be overlooked. It has also become highly matrixed with a lot of crossover in roles & responsibilities."
8315,"- Fluctuations in workload occur regularly, but staffing has done a good job this year finding talent to improve our ratios. Our company's revenue is growing so quickly that we can't hire talent at the speed we need."
8320,If you don't work at HQ or a major hub might as well be working on the moon. There seems to be limited career progression and a 'Big Company' mentality in terms of how employees are managed day to day
8323,"* Slow to match industry standards for technology frameworks and practices * Delayed longterm plans for the above, or rushed approaches that results in a company-wide approach with too many gaps to support many teams' needs * My specific cloud is typically under-resourced and people often move between teams to fulfill needs * My specific cloud also operates on a slower release schedule (3x a year) * Some management and employees can be quite immature/unprofessional"
8326,"It can ""suck up all the air in the room"" - can take over your life if you let it, because you enjoy spending time with your colleagues outside of work and you end up working long hours because you care about the success."
8328,Seamless integration of new acquisitions
8333,"Growth means smaller territories and increasing numbers to please Wall Street. Still, customer is value and cared for."
8339,"The cons are not off Salesforce. If you are in Customer Services Group, your day-to-day life is more dictated by the client you work with. So you could be employed with the best company but work for a not-so-good client!"
8342,"The company is huge, so there is a lot going on and many departments and people it can be hard to keep up when you're new Both a pro and a con, with the long onboarding it takes a while before you feel useful"
8343,"As they grow, they are losing some of the nimbleness. There are a lot of meetings but that is to be expected with a company so large"
8347,It's a big company so you don't have much influence on the business as an Account Executive. Very competitive and success in sales varies greatly by territories and timing.
8348,"Very fast paced. You must be able to adapt to change, self-direct, and match the energy around. Definitely not for everyone but for those who can bring those attributes you will find Salesforce personally and financially rewarding."
8352,It requires dedication to get over the learning curve and keep up with all the innovation.
8353,Actively get involved in volunteering etc. in order to get to know people in a relaxed atmosphere. Difficult with the amount of work and work ethic.
8356,Not a lot of flexibility in terms of working from home
8363,Work life balance is hard if you don't meet targets..
8364,Alot of people so alot of meetings
8366,"Saturated territories and high, most times unacheivable quotas"
8378,Acquisitions not fully integrated even after a couple years
8379,Very demanding and time consuming
8385,- Lots of tasks and training for new employees such that you do not get a chance to focus much on your work in the first couple of months.
8386,Sales held to a different standard than the rest of the company and the exterior perception.
8388,the development speed is slow
8393,Fast paced for the faint heart Lots of change
8396,Fast growth makes it a challenge to get up to speed as quickly as I would like
8402,There are a lot of acquisitions for new features in the platform and it is sometimes challenging to keep up with the unique capability of the acquired software company.
8405,"For a company of its size, tribal knowledge is still a major part of how things get done as processes continue to evolve and formalize. The learning curve is steep, but exciting and there is a great dynamic of support for bringing everyone along."
8406,It is a very big company
8410,"It is a very fast paced environment. If you aren't able to own your day to day tasks while planning for future goals, you will have a difficult time here."
8426,Heavily sales-driven which can impact the culture to a degree and cause some political strife within the company. High turnover in account management and some struggles with customer service given recent acquisitions and finding alignment between all the companies
8428,"Salesforce is a HUGE product, which is fabulous but if you have no experience with it you have a bunch of onboarding to do. I think the organization is still figuring out how best to onboard everyone with so many complex layers of product and employee situation - also doing this while the company and product shifts in growth. It is daunting, but feels stable."
8429,I don't see much cons about this wonderful company. I wish the management continue supporting its employees the same way it does now.
8433,No diversity in sales- the website makes the company look diverse and it is not at all unfortunately Poor middle management that plays favorites and favors typical male frat boy. Toxic sales culture of people that constantly undercut one another. No one tries to help new employees and everyone is more concerned with making themselves look better and squeezing others out. So many red accounts and failed implementations!! I’ve never heard of such a thing! Constant change- I had 3 middle managers in one year!
8440,- Lots of tasks and training for new employees such that you do not get a chance to focus much on your work in the first couple of months.
8442,Promotion consistency Career opportunities Ability to take time off and disconnect (great PTO benefit though) General disconnect of senior management from overall department and day-to-day responsibilities
8445,Managing work / life balance is a challenge when you love your job.
8448,"This is a very large company, so it is easy to get ""lost"" within its many layers. They provide a high level of autonomy, which is great if you like it, but you may find yourself ""rudderless"" if you don't thrive in that environment. Onboarding is a long process due to the plethora of products Salesforce offers..."
8452,Challange with team to provide for company a best results
8457,"I don't have a lot of negative things to say. I know we are in a period of rapid growth, just remember to keep the focus on the customer."
8467,"Not many cons to be had, some may find the volume of work to be difficult to handle though. Work pace is fast and sometimes chaotic."
8471,- Fast growth means less time to stop and smell the roses and revel in accomplishments.
8474,Extremely fast moving company. Colleagues moving at 150 MPH and it’s easy to fall behind. Also if you’ve never used Salesforce software before getting hired then there’s definitely a learning curve there.
8475,"Salesforce, while a great place to work in many aspects, isn’t truthful about its equal pay. Only those who are level 7 and above are eligible to receive equity grants. A large cohort of employees under level 7 are EAs, who are mostly female. Meaning that women are still not being treated equitably when it comes to overall pay. Sure, they can purchase stock through the ESPP, but that means they have to still pay out of pocket for something that other employees are given. Many leading companies in SV grant equity to all employees, regardless of level. For a company that touts equality and equal pay for all, why are women still unable to benefit from the success of the company, especially when they play a key role in the success?"
8479,- Onboarding can be a little overwhelming since there's a lot to learn when you first start (typical of most enterprise software companies)
8483,"Can be overwhelming at first, but there are tools available to walk you through the process."
8496,i. like this beautiful works.
8499,All of the above is work in totely
8506,"Very sales driven, and sometimes product innovation is slow"
8508,Pay is lower than industry standard at the moment
8511,"Super fast paced environment, policies and technology changes all the time. Work Life balance is a challenge."
8523,getting more cutthroat on T & E to take customers out. Moving to the all-digital world is conflicting to sales reps that are used to F2F relationship building and corporate travel. Big targets
8550,"No cons, the company is incredible"
8551,Work/life balance - high competition for promotion
8560,"Typical big corporation structure, sometimes feel like a number"
8561,Complex matrix of products and organisation
8564,Very very few. You work hard at Salesforce but you are rewarded for your hard work.
8568,Good and very measured effectiveness
8576,"Nothing in fact, but to mention something, it can be the volume of work, in a fastest growing scenario"
8578,To result focussed - little eye for the emotions of humans
8585,work pressure is very high
8588,"None, fantastic company to work for"
8590,Lots of change all the time.
8595,Work Life balance is tough for support
8597,A lot going on an a lot of expectation. Company is growing fast
8599,Extremely fast paced due to continuous growth
8600,"Little behind in tooling systems as compared to other big tech giants, but consistently improving on the same."
8602,Work can increase dramatically fast
8603,"Night shifts might be trouble for some people, Apart from that Salesforce is a great company to work with."
8605,very busy certain time of the year
8607,- Meeting ambitious sales targets on a monthly basis - Managing relationships between multiple people within the business. - Difficult to achieve targets when taking holidays
8608,Long hours for a salesforce
8618,"Very strict growth tenures for advancing roles in the Organization, inner growth does not necessarily offer the best payment conditions as external hires."
8623,needed more technical roles based out of the US and in the UK.
8631,Very competitive internally and externally.
8638,- Dog eat dog - Quite fake - people very keen to just impress their next hiring manager
8648,nothing i have experienced in my journey
8660,a lot of focus on high-performers only work life balance is what you make it...
8666,+ Salary not as competitive as the competition
8670,Always something new to learn which can be overwhelming
8672,I need more task different circumstance from the country
8673,Less onshore opportunities for the employees.
8674,Work life balance is not there in case of WFH
8675,A steep learning curve with complexity requires perseverance and an assumed level of competency to be set up for success.
8677,"Straightforward, outspoken ,punctual, committed, perfectionist"
8682,Keep achieving quota is tough work.
8685,Learned many things that I can apply on the future.
8688,"Although the company has their offices globally, it provides fewer offshore opportunies to its employees if they relocate to different countries."
8699,"Corporate work environment can sometime be boring, less individual interaction outside of work stuff. Needs to bring more personal events"
8701,"- Not to Salesforce fault, but all onboarding activities have been remote. Despite this, onboarding has been very thorough and organised."
8707,too many questions need my answers
8708,Transparency around growth opportunities once in
8711,Sometimes educating yourself on new things can be taxing
8714,"Pay inequality across the company is regular. Promotions are based on whatever's easiest for the managers, not based on merit or who deserves it. They always talk about ""progression"", which is total waffle."
8715,None in my 2 year in Salesforce India. So far it has been an amazing experience
8716,I didn't find any cons. The company is taking care of employees and giving the best benefits compare to other companies.
8717,evolution is slow and complicated
8720,"Fast paced environment with massive growth and constant change can make work life balance a challenge, although there a many initiatives to help prioritize."
8721,"None - clearly a great company to work for. Great mentality, team spirit, and travel opportunities. We are valued every day and feel that we make an impact to the business."
8722,"WFH is a disadvantage in such companies as you do not get to experience the amazing culture to that extent while sitting at home. Also, recognition for the employees can be improved."
8724,- Work overload in terms of product knowledge - Pay and promotions not very transparent
8725,new technology to work upon
8726,-Lots of internal competition for opportunities
8727,too many questions need my answers
8730,"Equal Pay initiative - Even if you do extra efforts, at the end you will get appraisal equal to the team members who did nothing for the entire year. Permanent shifts - If you get night shift at the joining, it is going to be permanent. No learning opportunities Limited access to tools/ platform we are working upon (read only access) No scope of work defined."
8733,Nice team building and coordination within the teams
8739,"Typical big corporation structure, sometimes feel like a number"
8740,Good and very measured effectiveness
8742,"Great culture comes in pockets. Depending on the team and your direct manager, one may not experience the benefits of great work culture."
8756,Certain industries way outperform others [relevant to UK business unit]
8759,Nothing that I can think of now. Salesforce has built a great culture which indeed helps to achieve Team and Company Goals.
8760,"Out of necessity of scale and quickly assimilating acquired Companies, Salesforce applies a standardized performance measurement for it's sales teams across all lines of business. Unfortunately, this approach doesn't always accurately reflect acquired offerings success. In our case as an acquired Company, the bookings nuance negatively skewed performance reviews, merit increase, equity refresh etc. for our acquired staff post integration which reduced motivation & caused unnecessary attrition. General under investment in post sales/Customer success."
8768,Finding a great work/life balance can be challenging sometimes.
8773,Personal work life balance could get messier with work load
8778,- There is never enough time in the week to learn everything and it can sometimes be overwhelming to try and get up to speed on the products (particularly when the company is buying new companies all the time and creating products for the market to deal with COVID workplace issues in addition).
8781,Covid spoiled my 1st months.. And yet teammates and managers are always mindful.
8782,There is a lot to learn in terms of product
8796,"Growth is enormous (because we've been very successful for many years) so the office space is quite squeezed. As with all successful corporations, meeting rooms are at a premium and difficult to get."
8798,"Long, high energy days and nights"
8800,a lot of work pressure
8803,"Fast pace, high growth. Things move quickly."
8808,"It is the right place for fast learners and people who are constantly open to change and improvement, it might not be for everybody."
8810,As a large company it has a lot of processes to learn.
8818,Fast growing company which is getting more and more complex
8821,Rapid growth and recent redundancies
8825,Fast growing company which is getting more and more complex
8826,"politics, very complex product offer, sales focused"
8831,"Fast pace, high growth. Things move quickly."
8832,Lots of information to take in - takes ~ 3 Months to become effective
8833,"Still need improvement on work-life balance, especially for those who work with multiple time zones."
8835,"The place to be for fast learners and people who are constantly open to change and improvement, it might not be for everybody"
8838,"You have to find your way in the company, it is sometimes not clearly organised. Think of a start-up with 50.000 people :) Salesforce has a perfect on boarding programme and people are willing to help you, but you need to reach out to get that help. So you have to take initiative."
8842,"Fast-Paced Limited work/life balance Completly Metrics Driven Culture, Everything is driven by a dashboard"
8846,Salesforce is a big company and often we have challenges regarding quick inspection and adaption. Sometimes changes take time.
8848,"My experience was very good. As other tech company, in Salesforce time goes at light of speed, so take in consideration if it is aligned with your expectations"
8851,Deviate from the core pillar of customer success
8852,Workload and KPIs can be a bit challenging at times
8859,Nothing much to express a cons.
8861,High American Culture Sales pressure
8868,- Boring work - Not much in way of skill improvement
8880,"I really haven't found any negatives from working at Salesforce yet. There's great leadership, support, training, compelling work and environment and most of all - the company values align to my own beliefs."
8884,Management needs to come together
8886,"A lot of internal stuff at the beginning, need self-discipline to focus on what is important for the customer and the business"
8887,"- As a BDR you are competing against 2 other roles (AE & ECS) for the same target, which I found extremely difficult to work with. - Ego everywhere. - Hugely stressful job. My 3-star review is a mix of Salesforce as a company (5 stars) & the BDR role (1 star). Salesforce is a great company, with a great portfolio of solutions, & a great CEO. I believe had I a different role, I would be submitting a very different review. However, from my experience, I simply cannot openly recommend the BDR role. It's seen as a necessary stepping stone role towards AE, is an awful role in itself, and I found myself dreading going into work every day & always came home stressed."
8894,"Hard work, competitive, long hours, need to be always on"
8895,"Can have very long hours, you have to be very flexible which is a good and bad thing"
8897,"Very volatile structure, which is due to the innovation aspect of the business but can be challenging to follow."
8898,Team is growing too fast and sustainability in times of Covid remains to be seen.
8906,"This was once a company I genuinely felt pride in working for. Now the narrative has slipped into a sense of window dressing for the media and the market which shines through in several ways: Time tracking and process adherence seems to have taken over every corner of the company. A few years ago you felt that you were encourage to be innovative and to spend time on deep level analysis. Now you have to justify every hour of your day and not necessarily to to the benefit of the customer. Turning more Oracle than Google. Work load pressure is immense and there is an increasing number of people on long term sick leave due to stress. Managers are very often in a different location to you and there is very little awareness of the difficulty this can pose around communication, a sense of overwhelm and time available. HR does not have a presence in the smaller countries. This affects the health of both staff and relations as employees do not know who to turn to for a ‘sanity check’ conversation if a situations arise. HR processes are clearly there to support management and protect the company. There is a lot of talk about the feedback culture but the reality is that constructive criticism only works with few of the managers. Overall the sense is that the many hires from Microsoft, Oracle and similar has begun to take over the company mindset. It is much more ‘Me First’ than what is to the benefit of us all - and the customers."
8912,"It'd be great to have more perks at the office (more networking areas, gym, lunch...)"
8913,alignment between sales and biz dev not always perfect
8920,"Too large of a company now that your sense of contribution is small, very demanding, limited growth path in smaller offices"
8925,Covid spoiled my 1st months.. And yet teammates and managers are always mindful.
8932,alignment between sales and biz dev not always perfect
8934,sometimes you work long hours
8939,There’s a lot of formalities like in any corporate. Make sure you’re comfortable presenting your case in many different forums to justify new features.
8940,I dedicated to work the job
8954,"In the Dublin offices, there is no free lunch service included."
8963,Resource challenge in the regions compared to HQ
8967,Not much meaningful work as a graduate
8968,performance oriented can be stressful
8971,"I work in night shift, that's the only challenge I face so far."
8972,- Can be quite demanding
8973,Competing priorities as the company is growing fast
8982,"-The Salesforce recipe is to grow and split territories and squeeze every rep as much as they can. This is how they report double-digit growth every year to their investors. -You are compensated the same irrespective of the products you sell, however, management only cares about the core products you sell (Sales/Service Cloud). To the outside world this may not make sense, however, you are looked down upon and will get performance managed if you are not selling enough of these core products. I'm not a lawyer but this doesn't sound legal under Canadian labour law. -“Teacher’s Pet” Culture - Majority of reps (80%) don’t hit their quota but you can still get promoted and have your career accelerated if you play the “game” and suck up to management. -Colleagues who have been here for a while say it used to be an exciting, fun company and now it’s far more corporate and there are a lot of unhappy people in the office."
8988,"- Comparatively low pay for graduates and the progression is slow - Huge gap between junior and senior employees - For this reason, there is no clear perspective of where you could be in 3 - 5 years. - The Grad program is relatively new, which comes with obvious pros and cons"
8990,- big structure with its pros and cons but yet remain one of the best place to work I ever experienced
8993,Too many changes as the company grows.
8994,Nothing major. Working hours are a bit more comparing USA counterpart.
8996,More complicated process in line with bigger company size
9000,"The salary and the perks are not as good as other companies such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft"
9008,"The benefits , work culture and the Leave policy"
9016,Work was not that great in my team. Stack was very old.
9018,process and rules that you can experience in any company of this size
9024,"The company certainly isn't perfect, it's a rapid growth company and we move very fast. What's been different about Salesforce however is they listen to issues and will discuss openly and be very transparent around challenges."
9027,"- Mid-Management have prominently been promoted through the business from the Dublin SMB hub, and therefore lack basic management skills, and typically are more concerned about managing up and their careers over yours. - Very little internal personal or professional development. - Each Sales team does their own things (Forecasts/meetings, etc), with very little synergy or combined learning. Which has fostered a very ugly competitive and back-handed culture - with lack of trust a core problem throughout the UK, especially when dealing with US colleagues. - Lots of very talented people, from all aspects, Marketing, Product, and Sales have left the business, with their replacements (typically Graduates) lacking the basic skills."
9031,manager s from service based companies chnaging work culture
9034,Office in Dublin is outside the centre!
9038,Typically deployed on your own. No structured support from within Salesforce to help you. Customers have easier time getting support than you do.
9045,"It's a fast moving company so be prepared for change, which also brings lots of new opportunities"
9049,Haven't experienced any cons with this company
9056,Pace and work load is like no other place I’ve experienced.
9058,"Growth is enormous (because we've been very successful for many years) so the office space is quite squeezed. As with all successful corporations, meeting rooms are at a premium and difficult to get."
9062,"Pace of business, fast growing company demands the best of yourself"
9076,"No organized lunch, No Work life Balance"
9079,Need to adopt more professional practices in lot of areas like a large enterprise organization
9080,"- Career progression is very competitive, but this is the downside of working with the best ;)"
9082,the amount of work assigned will give less free time during working hours
9093,"There are none, Salesforce is great"
9108,"Although there is support from leadership, it can be challenging to manage the work/ life balance."
9120,As a consultant there is lots of travel but that is the job (customer facing time is more than half of your week on most weeks). Limited opportunities in the london office for junior talent (internships/graduate schemes/out of university jobs)
9132,working in a cubical is not ideal with lots of phone calls
9133,"more delegation, more visibility, decesion making"
9135,"To be honest with you, today is my 6th month at salesforce and i didn't see any inconvenience"
9140,"Being a Success Engineer is not for everyone, mainly support role and specialized within Salesforce"
9142,The work is challenging and requires regular updates on skills and process.
9143,Not a great work/life balance
9145,Promotion cycle is very very slow
9153,"long, long, long, long hours"
9154,"There are so many people and products, and the requirements are so high that it is easy to feel stressed"
9156,"Less challenging work, Process Oriented"
9164,"That's still one of the biggest enterprises in the world, so it's not always fun with bureaucracy."
9167,work / life balance is insane
9178,Unclear career path but great focus on career development
9181,Constant change and rapid growth makes it challenging to keep up
9186,"There is no culture at all. Ohana, VTO, Customer Success... They are just words. In my team, we were obliged to work on bank holidays and not allowed to take the day back off when it was BH in the country we covered. There is no flexibility in WFH. But what's really the worst is the management. In Salesforce there are no leaders, just poor managers. It all works around internal politics and friendships with people crossing borders continuously. Also, those ""managers"" text you after working hours and have no respect of your personal life. There is no interest in who you are as a person or your background, just how much you're closing. It's the least human company in tech I have ever witnessed and keeps losing talent year over year. I had a burnout and had my manager talk poorly and joking about me with team members and peers. Just one last thing, AEs are pushed to always complain about business partners (Solution Engineers, Sales Dev and Customer Success) when they really are the only ones to make the job qualitative and worth it."
9188,"Work Volume equals business, and business goes great. We need more interns."
9189,Getting very big People are now joining to enhance resume vs passion for company/product
9190,"Very fast work pace, constant change, which doesn’t suit everyone"
9198,"Management by metrics: The sales org lives on weekly metrics and targets. Its very clinical and dispassionate. Despite the Ohana, it can feel like you're there to make a number, and nothing more."
9212,"long hours, small team, resource"
9215,pace of work and amount of work
9218,Flexibility to work in different locations
9223,Line manager was not very helpful.
9227,Working from home currently can be challenging. Excited for offices to open again.
9231,i have no cons abouts salesforce
9233,"Demanding, Competitive, Subsidiaries not as good as HQ."
9238,Info overload. Moves very fast and so difficult to keep up and find people taking responsibility of initiatives above and beyond their job
9247,"You have to find your way in the company, it is sometimes not clearly organised. Think of a start-up with 50.000 people :) Salesforce has a perfect on boarding programme and people are willing to help you, but you need to reach out to get that help. So you have to take initiative."
9252,"Politics especially at HYD office Many of them are slogging to be the best, people with contacts will always get benefited"
9253,"Minimal work/life balance, Extensive red tap, Sales culture is in stark contrast to broader company culture"
9259,"- Work-life balance is missing, especially now during covid, you will work long days and sometimes also in weekends. Work never ends. - Very performance driven, always high pressure to sell more, a lot of forecasting and at times micro-management. - Management is lacking coaching/people/leadership skills, you are heavily managed on opportunities and numbers, but very little on personal improvement. - Politics are present, as well as ego-centrism within sales & mngmnt. - Achieving your target depends on the distribution of accounts and opportunities, which changes every year. - Very complex internal organisation that can come across as impersonal at times. eg no HR and if you have questions you can only log tickets."
9262,Lots of Work with remote
9265,Large organization and product portfolio is a challenge to navigate
9273,"Once you get used to this company, it becomes difficult to work with other companies"
9274,- high Pressure environment - Work/Life Balance
9278,Progression is everything and there is a slight fake it til you make it culture. I would prefer if humility was rewarded more.
9281,salesforce is fast growing company so its a bit hectic but still which is not
9282,High volume of work but varies
9292,Can be very fast paced for some
9304,Not much career development you have to be your own boss and carve the path for your next steps
9310,"No gender equality, hiring women is measured in KPIs and always preferred over men, even taking senior positions at a quicker pace Feedback for improving org is never heard and ignored Employees are just numbers and ACV and they are treated as such"
9313,Work life balance Frequency of Promotions
9320,"Little structure in Italy, but it's improving"
9323,The salary is not as competitive as other tech companies
9325,Work life balance is the challenge but company is taking all measures to address it.
9330,* No clear career growth and promotion prospects
9333,Sometimes it's difficult to manage work life balance
9335,limited growth opportunity for carrer progression
9340,The real culture of the company doesn't really shows in Spain. Looks like more Oracle than Salesforce culture
9349,When a company grows at fast pace it also expects employees to be at same pace.
9353,Nothing that comes to my mind apart from lot to learn at fast pace
9354,"Organisation is massive, can be challenging when getting collaboration work done due to different time zones and counterparts multi tasking on different scope. Hiring can also be based on referral but might not necessary be the right fit for the role."
9365,"Long, high energy days and nights"
9368,When a company grows at fast pace it also expects employees to be at same pace.
9369,There are lots of initiatives and communication channels - it's hard to keep up sometimes
9374,"It is indeed a fast growing company, we work very, very hard but we also play hard!"
9376,Sometimes there are too many cooks in the kitchen and can be hard to accomplish tasks across departments.
9377,Promotions not always based on merit
9379,"no cons, great environment to work"
9382,Working hours is a little more.
9383,"Due to the fast-growing nature of the company, work-life balance takes a hit."
9388,Work Life balance is not the best.
9389,Fast paced and US based can make for long hours
9398,"Its a high pace, so make use of those tools and processes!"
9402,Become a huge company now
9404,- QA mindset is still in early stages -
9407,"Excellent people have been hired and it's exciting to work there. However, there are few competitors, so it's only natural to be hired."
9414,Work as a sales man
9420,implementation partners related at times
9421,High-stress levels Work Hard Play Hard Culture
9422,Can be a very busy and fast pace
9427,Pivots/changes rapidly so you have to be able to adapt fast
9431,"Changing culture with lots of Oracle People coming in in Management Customer focus is number 2 bypassed by ACV Confusing product rebrandings and while marketing is mobile, social ..... a shitty mobile product. Performance Edition must be an Idea from a person who never been at a customer. Unified platform is a Powerpoint Concept. Carreers depends on Buddy business and even people from Middle Management pushes the new market approach while knowing that these concepts failed at Oracle before. Critics are not allowed, we have to believe....and cheer... #awesome"
9432,"Organization split into silos thus prohibiting all division to collaborate around 1 client through it's life cycle. Some colleagues focused on 'plucking the low hanging fruit' and not at getting share of wallet within one enterprise customer. Although my application went very well, I see many candidates wait too long for feedback."
9434,Very dashboard-driven. Employees live and die by the metrics
9436,"Very stringent and regimented in career path, just a cog in a very big machine"
9438,"Pay below comparable jobs at other companies High school football captain culture Lack of talent at higher management level (great politicians, often not competent) Work life balance CEO personality cult"
9447,"long hours, cheesey motivational pep talks"
9456,"Every day is intense, work long hours, not always clear promotion path in some departments"
9457,Success on their sales team is highly dependent on the territory you're assigned. A lot of politics as well.
9459,Very fast pace A lot of rules to follow
9462,Work life balance. High pressure on support agents
9463,"- Career development not always clear - Corporate - clear hierarchy, hard to get new ideas working"
9465,The environment is like a boiler room
9466,A lot of hard work - very tough environment and little work life balance.
9473,Salesforce is an American-Centric Company. Being at one of the other locations can be a bit challenging. Otherwise great company that I recommend.
9483,salary banding. aggresive management and no everyhing is ' joined up'
9494,"as the company gets mature more and more ex Oracle, IBM aso get on board and changes the culture not always into the right direction"
9499,You need to work long hours and travelling a lot.
9503,Growth is challenging patches getting smaller and smaller within Sales Reps
9504,"-Challenging -High targets -As the company grows, more processes and procedures in place"
9516,Not a strong brand in Canada No work life balance- prepare to have 12 hour days on a regular basis Individual contributors made into managers with no training Unclear job expectations Abrasive new manager
9517,"Entry level positions demand a lot of work. There is a constant need to impress, and the way you present yourself is what will give you an extra push to your future role."
9518,"Career path limited, always have to be on"
9519,"-Oversold the job during the interview process. -Poor Territory Alignment, Everyone has the same monthly goal (it is not based on your territory's prev year) -Terrible Customer & Technical support internally and externally for employees and customers. Be prepared to spend a majority of your day dealing with customer issues as an Account Executive"
9522,Work load is more. Trying to balance the work and personal space is difficult.
9528,no dental - it really is a great place to work
9529,It is expanding very fast and hard to stay across all of the products
9532,"work, no bonus, people unit"
9537,Information overload Constant change Continually adding responsiblities
9540,"No lunch provided, not always flexible for times off"
9543,"Work is growth, and leadership"
9544,Speed of change & acquisition makes it difficult to become and expert in certain areas
9549,"long hours, cheesey motivational pep talks"
9550,Career path Promotion cycle very slow
9555,Very complex Sales Structure and conflicting KPIs
9556,Regional offices are more field - Sales/Marketing driven
9557,long hours; high pressure environment
9558,career path development is limited
9561,"Not many downsides of working. They treat you well and make sure you are satisfied. Some times the work can get intense, but this is not a downside at all."
9562,If you need a lot of feedback in order to feel good about yourself or how you are doing you may want to consider the type of job you are applying for. Sales is highly structured and very results-driven with immediate feedback. Other roles may not provide feedback as regularly.
9565,"No downsides per se, but things can certainly improve in efficiency in working with other related teams in the organization;"
9569,-Regularly hard work -High pressure for achieving target
9571,Quality of work is not great
9577,very fast paced working environment
9578,very hard work and a lot of stress
9579,strong sales focus across teams and roles
9583,can be a pretty hectic ride
9584,No work life balance at all
9587,long hours and expected to work out of hours.
9591,Work load is to intensive for time given
9592,"The infrastructure is not great, but decent."
9593,Can be pretty hectic and geared towards sales
9594,Work life balance isn’t great
9597,limited roles outside of sales in Dublin
9599,Perhaps better flexibility in managing customers.
9604,Management needs to focus on growth
9610,Remote employees have little growth opportunity.
9616,"It is a very sales-driven culture, oftentimes at the expense of other groups within the company that are also extremely important to the company's and its customers' success."
9617,"The company is full of so many talented people that it can be quite intimidating to keep pace with the best and brightest in the field. It is a high performance culture and many cannot handle the expectations. In the end, we always do what is right to make our customers successful...that can mean working 12-15 hours a day...but it is worth it to make and sell a product that customers love and to be changing the software industry for the better."
9620,long hours; high pressure environment
9625,intense and long hours everything moves at light speed
9627,Sometimes the hours are very long Too many meetings meetings can be very long not enough time in regular workday to complete everything
9640,Territories can be quite uneven and there is a monthly grind that doesn't always align with how our customers buy. Very stressful management culture.
9641,"Work life balance in services non-existent. Company grew too fast to keep up with the great team dynamic that made it such a creative, exciting, progressive place to work. US did not understand non-US jurisdictions and had not desire to do so. US tried to make it an overly structured, regimented corporate when it's greatest asset was it's agile, non-conformist style that enabled creativity, intrapreneurship and great teamwork"
9642,"management has been with the company for more than 5 years, limiting growth and new ideas. can be cliquish"
9647,"I could work 24 hours a day and I would still have stuff on my list to do! If you are a 9-5 kind of person - you won't like it at salesforce.com - you wouldn't keep up with the speed everything moves at and you would be left behind. The flip side is that when I go to the gym at 10am because I have a space in the diary - its absolutely ok. I enjoy the hard working, high achieving culture even if it means being switched on 23/6."
9651,"Fast growing, and there are some pains."
9652,We need a bigger market share to create even more awareness!
9656,Know that there is a high pace to the work at Salesforce. We work in an area of the industry with tremendous growth and continued growth potential. Some people may not fit well in such an environment.
9664,- growth is not defined well - mgt team is so swamped that they dont take time for team/team events
9666,"Can be a long commute from East Bay as it is in San Francisco. Sometimes Bart gets delayed, which lead to long commute hours."
9667,"Company is getting big and losing its intimacy of a small and nimble startup. Now at the 4th largest software company, it has the challenges of a large company"
9668,"Not very good work/life balance. Depending on the job that you do, sometimes you will need to stay late and work weekends."
9670,"***FOR SALESFORCE.ORG*** -we work hard but I'd say we maintain a solid work/life balance -HQ is located in San Francisco, so unless you have rent control it's quite an expensive city to live in! -High expectations of performance from Sr Management (however I find this as an interesting challenge and motivating)"
9671,"Some conflict between ""Old"" salesforce culture (people who have been here a long time) and ""newer"" people from established enterprise software companies such as Oracle"
9673,"Constant push for delivery, poor learning opportunities in some teams."
9677,growth can be dependent on which cloud you work in
9684,Big company so same layer’s of managemen tI work thur
9691,"- Compensation is low relative to peer companies - Days can be long (11-12 hrs minimum) and, after ~1 year, provide diminishing marginal return from the same role (result of 11-12+ hours of the same thing every day) - Team is hierarchical, having lost any ""startup"" feel it had as a result of significant growth. Result is a more political environments - Career trajectory within company is undefined and getting narrower as team's growth slows and more management levels are introduced. Promotion periods have also been extended, with fewer opportunities for ""moving up"" as a result - Rapidly diminishing exposure to senior management - more of a ""performance reporting and presentation creation"" role for the managers on the team"
9692,The company is growing quickly. We're still learning how to balance scale with best practices. I rather like that we have autonomy to figure things out on our own as leaders.
9701,"The code base has some tech debt, and the infrastructure could improve on its ability to deliver capacity. The product is great, but the time it takes to get stuff done is longer than optimal."
9705,Better stock compensation. Clear career path recommended.
9711,"No cons to list. Everything is great, grade A++"
9716,"Remote employee engagement could get better, but the independence it provides is unparalleled."
9717,Very fast paced and exciting so not for all
9719,"Growing pains as a result of fast growth but given the rate of growth, the organization recognizes this"
9720,Growing very fast that sometimes it's hard to navigate around the different groups and departments.
9722,With the growth - customer relationships can suffer when we re-align territories and new people are working with an account.
9725,"Management does not know how to manage, lots of technical strong person but unorganized skills. Lack of interesting projects."
9732,- Takes enormous effort to coordinate across teams - Remote culture can also serve as a double-edged sword when it comes to team bonding
9734,It takes two years before you are in a closing role. Although development is everything in Salesforce and this training will pay off.
9735,"Growth and change can be challenging to manage. Sometimes when new products are rolled out, they're not fully baked. As in many places, there can be a cliquey/fratty feel to some of the sales teams but nothing that can't be managed. I had to be diligent about tracking my sales to ensure I got paid appropriately; it was a pain in the butt but I learned this the hard way."
9740,"Prepare to work HARD - and often feel overworked. It's a lot to handle, at times, and very fast-paced. It's also easy to feel like just a number here given that there are thousands of employees in SF."
9742,Start-up company growing into adolescence is fostering a slightly more siloed environment
9748,- Mixed messages from the sales management team when it comes to focusing on customer's success and prioritizing aggressive growth creates a pressure-sale environment which can/does damage our relationship and credibility
9750,Headquarters centric. Unless you're in San Francisco you don't get the same culture and its an uphill battle to get in with the top projects.
9754,Opportunities for advancement working outside of HQ are limited
9764,Company is growing fast and so scope of work is reducing exponentially.
9768,Many benefits are only available where Salesforce has an official office
9773,None so far. One of the best companies to work for.
9775,- Pay is no longer competitive with peers - Long Hours with little recognition - Limited ability to move up in the company
9779,It's a very large company.
9781,- So much to learn! It can be overwhelming. - Would love to spend more time at the home office.
9786,tech stack limited to salesforce
9789,"Too many meetings, especially daily standup meetings"
9792,Always expected to work harder
9796,Fast pace of revenue growth can be a source of stress at times.
9798,"working remote, I miss out on some of the fun"
9801,"Senior management was very political and lots of title inflation. SVPs, VPs everywhere--couldn't tell who was really important and who was. Heavy emphasis on marketing and bright lights--and less on developing people talent."
9805,Have to be able to change quickly
9807,"Many different scrum teams brings up its own challenges, sometimes other teams will add work to your backlog and you will be required to sign off without much notice, siloed information across different units"
9829,No cons at all! Love this company!
9830,Environment is intense and sales has monthly quotas which is intense.
9840,the pace of work is hard. you need to be ready for it
9841,Management treats employees like we work in a call center. Very tactical thinking
9850,The pace at which the lessons move seemed so fast. More time should be spent on listening and speaking skills.
9854,all things are very satisfying but free lunch would be good.... amount of rsu grant is very small..
9864,"The company is growing fast and needs to invest in training for new people and systems and processes as it grows. Work/life balance is up to you to manage - you can do it, but you have to own it."
9865,Many days and weeks of long hours. Our group is greatly understaffed.
9866,Need more entrepreneurial projects that will push innovation
9869,"Pretty fast paced environment. I love it, but it's not for people who just want to coast along. Company has been growing really fast and office space is pretty tight."
9870,Could have been given more meaningful tasks
9874,"Big company, big tape. Yes we still are the world largest startup, but there are process in place that will test your patience at times."
9876,Very competitive and lot of politics
9880,Not always clear how we make an impact for the customer
9887,Work life balance is poor
9892,"Much focus on Velocity and my suggestion is to emphasis on Quality, teams still learning on service fundamentals, some of the engineering areas is little behind when compare to other tech companies."
9895,"Everyone, including SVPs, are micro-managed at Salesforce."
9896,"Large company stuff, have to find the interesting projects/teams"
9900,"When I first joined this company 2 years ago, it was full of passionate people who cared about the company, the products, and most importantly, each other. Employee success was paramount to company success, and we had a leadership team that recognized that. Now, with the infiltration of Salesforce (which, don't get me wrong, Salesforce is great in its own way, but that greatness has not manifested in Indianapolis - it's been mostly destructive), the Marketing Cloud leadership team is much more concerned with making people like Marc Benioff and Alex Dayyon happy rather than creating a culture of happy employees. In a recent ""V2MOM"" session, leadership blatantly voted ""employee success"" as the LEAST important value among 6-7 value options. Don't you get it? Happy and successful employees lead to good product, good service, and thriving business!! As I look around, I see a bunch of people sitting there just doing bare minimum to collect a paycheck, others frantically trying to cling to the last bit of Orange culture they can find, and a select few who thrive in this new environment of ""nothing matters but the bottom line"". I'm sure that the short term business outlook will be great, as Salesforce manages to squeeze the last bit of quality work out of employees, but if this keeps up, there's no long term to speak of."
9902,"- Very self centered organization typical of marketing and sales. People find every opportunity to promote themselves shamelessly.. That kind of stuff is encouraged.. - Very ordinary Sales Leadership. No idea of what it is to sell to Enterprise. still works as if its selling widgets to mom and pop shop.. Very much a Sales and Marketing company that does not like a contrarian viewpoint. If you come from a Engineering or Technology organizations, its a huge challenge to even have a conversation.. Products are good but long on the tooth.."
9903,So many changes with in teams. You see all work you have done for an year can be scrapped with a simple decision. Too rapid changes.
9904,Selling the organization to Salesforce made sense but changed the opportunities within the organization.
9907,Pace of change is exhausting sometimes!
9908,Fast paced work environment (Both good and bad)
9913,Lots of work. Many hours.
9920,"It takes a bit of time to really understand what they are doing, but not really a negative but sometimes could be overwhelming for a new comer ..so just have patience and you will do well."
9930,"The training program for many positions is limited, which creates a more on-the-job-learning environment. This is fine for some, but others may have issues if they are learning something brand new. Also, I would like to learn more about the products even if you are in a service role versus a sales role."
9933,It can be long working hour for some. Reward may not tie to your performance.
9934,They should offer better salaries and better benefits.
9937,"cons will always depend on your group, team and manager"
9938,The company has grown quite a bit so you can feel lost in the shuffle or out of touch sometimes. Would like to see even greater transparency for the product roadmap and plan for the future.
9941,"It's extremely fast paced. Your expected to be available most of the time, given notice. For instance, it's not uncommon to have calls with teams in other countries at night. I've been on calls that started as late as 10pm EST."
9943,Pace. Culture is slipping from the ExactTarget days. Highly sales driven which makes life on the non sales teams challenging.
9945,Large organization with lots of process
9949,Too much red tape too many product features to keep track of in a unified way
9952,None. Great company to work for.
9953,Salesforce is a big company which means some bureaucracy. I think its's much better than most companies of its size but it's there. Make sure it's your cup of tea...
9963,"as salesforce grows, some management hires have been subpar"
9967,Sales is hard. A lot of work with little reward.
9970,Promoted a few times with no significant pay raise
9975,Corporate company with high growth goals
9977,"Unlike Microsoft, you have limited opportunity to move across teams within Salesforce"
9978,"overwork very often, and have no time to enjoy my life"
9979,Too many internal team meetings.
9981,"grueling pace, lots of organizational swirl"
9982,PTO for my tier is not great.
9987,Pay could be more competitive
9991,Fast-paced with the need to manage the work-life balance
9995,global company driven by share prices/shareholder priorities - currently much focus on ramping up offshore support be prepared to spend time on your own to gain certifications/continue learning/staying up to date
10003,Not enough resources for new hires
10009,"Competitive high growth targets, but that comes with a career in sales."
10011,-very large company; can be hard being remote
10019,At the time there was a lot of travel and offsite meetings. As the company gets larger more red tape.
10021,Work life balance can be tough
10028,"Long hours, demanding, competitive/can be difficult to get promoted"
10032,- Stock Refreshes - Travel to San Francisco -
10035,"Some managers aren't supportive of growth, employees move teams to experience promotions."
10038,Definitely need a cafe in the some of the offices ;)
10044,Growth can get limited for certain roles/teams
10045,changing rapidly so not good
10051,- Stock Refreshes - Travel to San Francisco -
10069,"Salesforce loves to talk about how great they are and find it necessary to have a 60 minute all-hands call with executive leadership every single week. Most often, nothing important is communicated. This could be a personal preference, but I don't particularly care for the ""cult"" like culture Salesforce has. Everything is so ""rah-rah look how great we are! everyone should want to talk to Salesforce!"" in reality customers aren't dying to do so...."
10079,"Large company, mgmt often virtue signals but at least it is all positive."
10085,Lots of room to grow and mature as a company
10087,Low pay for stature of company
