,pros
7,"Corporate culture/corporate style: The culture of OHANA is deeply rooted. There is an atmosphere where everyone helps each other, which makes it easier to work. Organization/Communication: Communication is active. Until recently, they used their own product called CHATTER to communicate, but recently they are using SLACK. Diversity/diversity: There are many things where you can feel diversity, and of course there are many women. There were several people who were not Japanese nationals in the same period, and there were people with disabilities."
13,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an atmosphere where everyone fights together and celebrates success together. Organizational structure/communication: I feel that communication between employees is weak due to the fact that it is remote. I think they are also making efforts to consciously encourage interaction. Diversity/diversity: I feel that even among global companies, they are particularly careful about diversity. Recognizing diversity and emphasizing equality for them."
23,"Business strengths: As a company that started with SFA, that is, sales support for B2B companies, this area remains strong. Weaknesses in business: I have the impression that it is becoming difficult to demonstrate strengths in areas other than SFA, where acquisitions are underway. It is difficult to demonstrate strengths in the B2C area, such as analysis, e-commerce, and marketing, because the B2B area is strong. Observed difficulty in allocating resources to acquire specialized skills"
32,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an unexpectedly closed atmosphere, and there is a difference in how to deal with people who are achieving results and those who are not. There is also a scolding above. Diversity/diversity: I feel that there is diversity as a company. . ."
38,"Education/Training: Because the number of successful cases in the past is increasing, in other words, the proposals of the past have become nothing more than horizontal developments. In addition, although there are many places for knowledge sharing and study sessions, there are many things that are left to the individual to catch up and establish themselves, so there are many people who are left behind and give up. I feel that the part that I can get is increasing recently. The number of people is increasing in the expansion period, and the number of new people in management is increasing, so there is still room for improvement."
63,"Growth/Career Development: You can gain valuable experience through working at a company and develop your career. Motivation to work: In terms of salary, if you are producing good results, you are likely to be motivated to work. However, if their grades are poor, they feel that their work is not worthwhile."
82,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: There is a tendency to place more emphasis on private life. We are evaluated based on the results, so the atmosphere is that if you are achieving results, you should take more vacations. However, the hurdles for achieving results are quite high, and operations are also detailed, so many people tend to work hard for a while after joining the company."
83,"Growth/career development: [Environment where you can grow] Even if you are inexperienced, you can trust and leave a big project, so it is an environment where you can grow. In terms of human relationships, everyone has a good sense of distance. Even people with peculiar personalities are treated as individuality and can be treated without discrimination."
86,"Corporate Culture/Corporate Style: I think there are many people who gather with the slogan that business is the best platform to bring about change in society, and with the desire to make society a better place through technological innovation."
102,"Growth Potential and Future Potential: At that time, the cloud boom was happening, and it was becoming really hot. However, not only that, but the quality of service and focus on customer success are promising, and it seems that this is still going on today."
103,"Growth/career development: Very good company as the first foreign capital from domestic capital. Motivation: The content of the proposal itself is interesting, so it is often useful."
119,Reason for joining / impression after joining: [Reason for joining] I joined the company because I was originally a user and felt the appeal of the product. [Gap after joining the company] All employees are thinking about what is necessary for users to succeed in using the product more than they thought.
128,"Diversity/Diversity: We promote diversity, and if you do anything against it, you will be fired immediately."
129,Business Strengths: The charisma of corporate CEO Marc Benioff. Employees respect him and his message is easy to permeate.
137,Business strength: Overwhelming product power backed by market share. We have the strength to keep evolving our products.
138,Motivation: [Regarding meetings] There is a trend to reduce face-to-face meetings with all team members as much as possible. Long meetings tend to be seen as a waste because the company's SNS is active.
144,"Company stability: There are many things that sympathize with the company's vision, and there are opportunities to discuss it, so employees have the opportunity to speak up. A customer-centric mindset is critical to sustaining future growth."
149,"Growth potential/future potential: Still maintaining a high growth rate. Therefore, the expectations of the market are high, and everyone is working hard to meet them. It becomes power and the sense of accomplishment is high."
152,"Motivation: [Individual discretion] Very large. It is a culture that allows you to do most things if you raise your hand voluntarily. However, there is also a great deal of responsibility on the part of the individual."
157,"Growth/career development: [Is the environment where responsibility and discretion are given early on?] Since we only take mid-career hires, there is no value in existence unless you demonstrate high performance yourself."
161,"Women's working environment: There are measures to improve the status of women, and leaders are always thinking about actively promoting them. Even after returning from maternity leave, she has returned to the front line."
162,"Growth/career development: [Support from people around me] I don't receive any special support. It's a very neutral environment, so things go at your own discretion."
164,Gap between expectations when joining the company and after joining: None. As I thought in a good way.
165,"Growth potential/future potential: We are proactive in acquiring companies for future growth, but the challenge is how to reduce the outflow of excellent human resources because there are times when the culture is different."
168,Gap between expectations at the time of joining and after joining: There is a considerable gap. Depends on boss
174,Growth/career development: [When I feel growth] Not much. Sometimes I feel uneasy about working in this environment and wondering if I can really grow.
176,"Growth/career development: [Is there an environment where responsibility and discretion are given early on?] Discretion is given only after achieving results.   First of all, results come first."
177,"Company stability: How to maintain a beginner's mind is a major theme. If you can't do that, you won't be able to innovate."
181,Growth/career development: [Presence or absence of opportunities to convey ideas such as presentations and business negotiations] You will be able to communicate with customers.
184,Growth/career development: [Do you have a colleague/supervisor who is your goal?] The goal you should exceed is always yourself.
187,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an image of valuing the family. I also feel that they are trying to communicate with each other by holding various events. Free image. Organizational structure/Communication: Depending on where you are assigned, I think that there are places where you have trouble working due to lack of communication, and there are places where there is a good atmosphere. For those who agree with him, he is very good, but for those who don't, it seems like a tough workplace. Therefore, it seems that people are going in and out."
191,"Corporate culture/corporate style: Many people are basically kind. Organizational structure/Communication: You can have flat exchanges, but the impression is that you don't know anyone. There aren't many opportunities to feel like a company colleague."
192,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational structure: Mid-career hires have more or less difficulty. It's a loose and fun workplace, but if you can't produce results, you won't be able to stay. There is no guarantee that the company will protect you because you are a full-time employee. A willingness to learn on your own is essential. Even if you don't have a perfect start, you need to have the toughness to keep running. Results are everything."
193,"Weaknesses in business: I don't know Business prospects: We have the top share in the world of CRM and SFA in Japan, so we think we will continue to expand our business for the foreseeable future."
205,"Company stability: Currently, I think the company is stable. This is a growing field with great demand. The companies that are currently trading are also very large. Considering that the number of transactions will continue to increase in the future, it seems to be stable."
213,"Growth/career development: [Are there opportunities to convey ideas such as presentations and business negotiations] Yes, depending on the position, such as within a team, within a department, or between multiple departments, but I think there are. It just depends on the person's position."
215,Gap between expectations at the time of joining the company and after joining the company: I feel that the internal system and other aspects are lagging behind what I expected.
217,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational system: [Attractiveness of managers] Great presence. It's not intimidating, but just being charismatic makes you feel like you're inside. He is worthy of respect because he can work in a wide range and depth."
219,"Growth potential/future potential: I feel that there are many people, depending on their age group, who are unable to keep up with the changes in the times due to their stance of being flexible and fluid."
232,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational system: [Points to be improved by managers] Because of their high charisma, there is an atmosphere that makes them difficult to approach. Atmosphere that it seems impossible to get along well with each other."
234,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational system: On the surface, you will have a place where you can talk with your boss, who said 1on1. I think it's supposed to be a place where people can express their opinions freely."
236,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational structure: The company is popular among young people, so it is evolving rapidly. I'm a little worried that the foundation will change."
239,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational structure: Young company. Individuals are independent, but they are based on the spirit of helping each other when they are in trouble so that no one wins."
240,Growth potential/future potential: We are accepting more and more mid-career newcomers. Retirement rate is low. There is no doubt that the company will grow steadily in the future.
243,"Growth potential/future potential: I think that the IT industry itself is the one who thinks about the future of the IT industry first, so there is a possibility that the direction will suddenly change."
251,"Corporate culture/corporate style: The culture of OHANA is deeply rooted. There is an atmosphere where everyone helps each other, which makes it easier to work. Organization/Communication: Communication is active. Until recently, they used their own product called CHATTER to communicate, but recently they are using SLACK. Diversity/diversity: There are many things where you can feel diversity, and of course there are many women. There were several people who were not Japanese nationals in the same period, and there were people with disabilities."
257,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an atmosphere where everyone fights together and celebrates success together. Organizational structure/communication: I feel that communication between employees is weak due to the fact that it is remote. I think they are also making efforts to consciously encourage interaction. Diversity/diversity: I feel that even among global companies, they are particularly careful about diversity. Recognizing diversity and emphasizing equality for them."
267,"Business strengths: As a company that started with SFA, that is, sales support for B2B companies, this area remains strong. Weaknesses in business: I have the impression that it is becoming difficult to demonstrate strengths in areas other than SFA, where acquisitions are underway. It is difficult to demonstrate strengths in the B2C area, such as analysis, e-commerce, and marketing, because the B2B area is strong. Observed difficulty in allocating resources to acquire specialized skills"
276,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an unexpectedly closed atmosphere, and there is a difference in how to deal with people who are achieving results and those who are not. There is also a scolding above. Diversity/diversity: I feel that there is diversity as a company. . ."
282,"Education/Training: Because the number of successful cases in the past is increasing, in other words, the proposals of the past have become nothing more than horizontal developments. In addition, although there are many places for knowledge sharing and study sessions, there are many things that are left to the individual to catch up and establish themselves, so there are many people who are left behind and give up. I feel that the part that I can get is increasing recently. The number of people is increasing in the expansion period, and the number of new people in management is increasing, so there is still room for improvement."
307,"Growth/Career Development: You can gain valuable experience through working at a company and develop your career. Motivation to work: In terms of salary, if you are producing good results, you are likely to be motivated to work. However, if their grades are poor, they feel that their work is not worthwhile."
326,"Working hours/holidays/holidays: There is a tendency to place more emphasis on private life. We are evaluated based on the results, so the atmosphere is that if you are achieving results, you should take more vacations. However, the hurdles for achieving results are quite high, and operations are also detailed, so many people tend to work hard for a while after joining the company."
327,"Growth/career development: [Environment where you can grow] Even if you are inexperienced, you can trust and leave a big project, so it is an environment where you can grow. In terms of human relationships, everyone has a good sense of distance. Even people with peculiar personalities are treated as individuality and can be treated without discrimination."
330,"Corporate Culture/Corporate Style: I think there are many people who gather with the slogan that business is the best platform to bring about change in society, and with the desire to make society a better place through technological innovation."
346,"Growth Potential and Future Potential: At that time, the cloud boom was happening, and it was becoming really hot. However, not only that, but the quality of service and focus on customer success are promising, and it seems that this is still going on today."
347,"Growth/career development: Very good company as the first foreign capital from domestic capital. Motivation: The content of the proposal itself is interesting, so it is often useful."
363,Reason for joining / impression after joining: [Reason for joining] I joined the company because I was originally a user and felt the appeal of the product. [Gap after joining the company] All employees are thinking about what is necessary for users to succeed in using the product more than they thought.
372,"Diversity/Diversity: We promote diversity, and if you do anything against it, you will be fired immediately."
373,Business Strengths: The charisma of corporate CEO Marc Benioff. Employees respect him and his message is easy to permeate.
381,Business strength: Overwhelming product power backed by market share. We have the strength to keep evolving our products.
382,Motivation: [Regarding meetings] There is a trend to reduce face-to-face meetings with all team members as much as possible. Long meetings tend to be seen as a waste because the company's SNS is active.
388,"Company stability: There are many things that sympathize with the company's vision, and there are opportunities to discuss it, so employees have the opportunity to speak up. A customer-centric mindset is critical to sustaining future growth."
393,"Growth potential/future potential: Still maintaining a high growth rate. Therefore, the expectations of the market are high, and everyone is working hard to meet them. It becomes power and the sense of accomplishment is high."
396,"Motivation: [Individual discretion] Very large. It is a culture that allows you to do most things if you raise your hand voluntarily. However, there is also a great deal of responsibility on the part of the individual."
401,"Growth/career development: [Is the environment where responsibility and discretion are given early on?] Since we only take mid-career hires, there is no value in existence unless you demonstrate high performance yourself."
405,"Women's working environment: There are measures to improve the status of women, and leaders are always thinking about actively promoting them. Even after returning from maternity leave, she has returned to the front line."
406,"Growth/career development: [Support from people around me] I don't receive any special support. It's a very neutral environment, so things go at your own discretion."
408,Gap between expectations when joining the company and after joining: None. As I thought in a good way.
409,"Growth potential/future potential: We are proactive in acquiring companies for future growth, but the challenge is how to reduce the outflow of excellent human resources because there are times when the culture is different."
412,Gap between expectations at the time of joining and after joining: There is a considerable gap. Depends on boss
418,Growth/career development: [When I feel growth] Not much. Sometimes I feel uneasy about working in this environment and wondering if I can really grow.
420,"Growth/career development: [Is there an environment where responsibility and discretion are given early on?] Discretion is given only after achieving results.   First of all, results come first."
421,"Company stability: How to maintain a beginner's mind is a major theme. If you can't do that, you won't be able to innovate."
425,Growth/career development: [Presence or absence of opportunities to convey ideas such as presentations and business negotiations] You will be able to communicate with customers.
428,Growth/career development: [Do you have a colleague/supervisor who is your goal?] The goal you should exceed is always yourself.
431,"Corporate culture/corporate style: There is an image of valuing the family. I also feel that they are trying to communicate with each other by holding various events. Free image. Organizational structure/Communication: Depending on where you are assigned, I think that there are places where you have trouble working due to lack of communication, and there are places where there is a good atmosphere. For those who agree with him, he is very good, but for those who don't, it seems like a tough workplace. Therefore, it seems that people are going in and out."
435,"Corporate culture/corporate style: Many people are basically kind. Organizational structure/Communication: You can have flat exchanges, but the impression is that you don't know anyone. There aren't many opportunities to feel like a company colleague."
436,"Corporate culture/corporate style/organizational structure: Mid-career hires have more or less difficulty. It's a loose and fun workplace, but if you can't produce results, you won't be able to stay. There is no guarantee that the company will protect you because you are a full-time employee. A willingness to learn on your own is essential. Even if you don't have a perfect start, you need to have the toughness to keep running. Results are everything."
437,"Weaknesses in business: I don't know Business prospects: We have the top share in the world of CRM and SFA in Japan, so we think we will continue to expand our business for the foreseeable future."
449,"Company stability: Currently, I think the company is stable. This is a growing field with great demand. The companies that are currently trading are also very large. Considering that the number of transactions will continue to increase in the future, it seems to be stable."
457,"Growth/career development: [Are there opportunities to convey ideas such as presentations and business negotiations] Yes, depending on the position, such as within a team, within a department, or between multiple departments, but I think there are. It just depends on the person's position."
459,Gap between expectations at the time of joining the company and after joining the company: I feel that the internal system and other aspects are lagging behind what I expected.
501,"Challenging, always growing, always opportunity"
502,"High impact, great visibility, leaders you can count on."
510,Strong values oriented leadership Culture of innovation Constantly adapting to a changing market
512,good product experience and market demand
516,"They care about your work/life balance. They pay very well. They care about their managers through how their direct reports are doing. They care about you as an employee. They appear woke, but are generally respectful to those who are not. They are continuously working on their processes that need work (constantly sending out surveys and requesting blunt opinions). They even have us actively working on self improvement and advancement, even if it's lateral."
521,Strong culture and great leadership
528,On the surface appears to have great company values and commitment but internally its all a smokescreen
578,"Stable, growing, dow Jones, competitive"
584,Jackass-free work environment in engineering. Upper management seems genuine about their concern for employees.
661,Strong values oriented leadership Culture of innovation Constantly adapting to a changing market
663,A lot of products to sell and a lot of opportunity
680,Interesting work. Focused on wellbeing and psychological safety. Great colleagues.
698,Had fun but it struggled core identity
724,Very Proffesional . Clarity on every aspect.
770,Great leadership. People first mentality.
775,Salesforce Culture Open door policy
793,Very Proffesional . Clarity on every aspect.
850,Ohana Culture is the best way to boost up.
851,"Great opportunities, culture and people!"
893,"Supportive culture, opportunity to grow, success is rewarded, conscientious leadership"
899,"Culture, Benefits, Technology, Growing, Responsible"
900,"Culture, Resource, Trust, Leadership, Rewards"
901,"Salesforce is a great place to work with a bunch of top notch people and an awesome culture. If you are the kind of person who likes holding yourself against others and being in a healthy competitive environment, this is a good fit. The opportunities to progress are tied to results and management will work to help you find a path if one isn't working for you."
906,"- excellent products in the market - Message to the market is very visionary, sometimes to visionary - very transparent, you could easily see your revenue achievement & pipe and also your co-worker's = you can see if territories are unbalanced - OTE salary is good - low level of pressure in sales - Managers OFTEN former salesforce top-sales & really understand how to do business, this doesn't mean they are idiots in people management (of course it depends on the manager)"
975,Inclusion and culture is something that is difficult to describe unless one experiences it
985,"Incredible Training, very clear cut promotion path"
996,Fantastic Energy Clear vision of the Strategy
1002,"If you want to find a market lead and good place for interesting work, this might be a right place for you to try."
1004,"Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour. Great place to work hard & grow your career."
1008,The CEO is constantly promoting the company so good or bad it is high profile and always in the press.
1048,Great sales training and was taught a lot about how to sell. Working at Salesforce.com makes it SUPER easy to find a job once you want to leave. Head hunters will call you a lot.
1051,"Very dynamic, lot of opportunities"
1060,"Great compensation and career opportunities You are surrounded by some very smart people Friendly, open culture Constant innovation Opportunity to travel"
1104,"Office culter, people and facilities are amongst the best I have seen. Environment of trust and freedom to take risks and try new ideas"
1113,open opportunities and freedom to pursue your own interest and flexibility with the job
1117,"culture, people, salary,location and overall experience"
1119,"Actually, some kind of change have happened such as internal operation and process to be better to work for employees as famous catch-phrase. Using and learning about our system make sense to grasp modern IT technology. There are some cutting-edge challenges in this company."
1176,"Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour. Great place to work hard & grow your career."
1192,"Ideas are not only encouraged, you are allowed to execute against those ideas with the agility of a small company."
1215,Talent level is second to none Many opportunities to move up and laterally
1231,It's a fast paced culture.
1277,"Exec leadership is willing to take risk, reinvent itself. They invest tremendous amounts in their employees. Managers understand their success is predicated on the success and happiness of subordinates. ""Ohana (respect, family)"" culture is incredible."
1283,- smart people - great team - innovation - killer marketing - best products
1325,Smart leadership Aggressive growth goals that push the team to be strong performers Work/life balance
1326,Great company culture Great CEO People are respected Company has a good priority in security Politics is not bad compared to other companies Company loves San Francisco
1329,The idea of good culture can be found in smaller teams or with great leaders..
1432,Good brand name on resume. Get the experience and move out.
1462,culture is laid back and accepting
1472,it's what you make of it here.
1500,Founder lead organization that has room for growth. Rapidly growing organization so there are always opportunities for advancement.
1509,"Great opportunity to make money. There is no lack of business. This can be a pro and a con, it is very young culture, the average age is 29."
1521,"Great career development, benefits & office culture. Winning team & tons of opportunity for upward movement or the ability to evaluate entirely different roles than where you start."
1557,"Freedom of thinking and expression, management is fully supportive"
1569,Company culture aligns well with publicly stated values Training is comprehensive and supported by manager
1586,This is a company that truly cares about you. They will go above and beyond for you but be prepared to work hard for what they provide you with. Truly a company that believes in the concept of family.
1612,Excellent culture of trust from the get go
1632,Culture; Supportive of whole person.
1667,They are truly authentic to what they represent. They hire not only the best people for the position but characteristics within their employees that exemplify integrity and humanity.
1688,TRUST and RESPECT are the cornerstone of this company
1692,"Very conversational, want to make sure you are a good fit for their team"
1731,"Honest flexibility. On technical staff you have choice of where, how, when, and on what you work on. When are working, you are surrounded by brilliant people who push you to gain their respect without adding too much ego."
1771,"I feel so lucky to be apart of Salesforce. Interview process and bootcamp was fantastic and everyone truly wants you to succeed. I was skeptical of the “Ohana” culture prior to my first day but it is the real deal. Yes, it can be stressful at times but that is to be expected with any leading company."
1795,"culture, people, benefits, market share, amazing growth opportunities"
1826,"The almost unlimited support whether financially or morally. The collaboration between teams and the inviting feel of the Ohana, that i have not experience elsewhere creates a balance which gives motivation both in work and personal life. Not sure if this is a pro or con but the abundance of snacks and edible options supplied.."
1853,"People, culture, prospects, mone, that’s it"
1854,Good and talented people around you. Friendly atmosphere. Your feedback will be taken very seriously with action taken for sure. Learning curve depends upon the project to project but overall many areas to diverge.
1930,Good and talented people around you. Friendly atmosphere. Your feedback will be taken very seriously with action taken for sure. Learning curve depends upon the project to project but overall many areas to diverge.
1941,Lot of opportunities to grow
1977,"The people, they immediately make you feel as part of the family and support you in every way possible. In these scary times, they have been great at easing their employees minds, supporting us and communicating with us."
1986,"Culture, Solutions, Customers, People, Brand"
1992,"Flexibility, Culture, Opportunity and Resources"
2027,Friendly management and great athmopshere.
2044,The Salesforce culture is real
2082,"Great culture for a corporation, great benefits and forward thinking people."
2104,Great WFH policies Snacks High Level of Trust from immediate manager Opportunities to explore
2105,One of the best policies
2111,- Culture - Genuinely care for their people - Supportive management - Flexibility and autonomy - Global opportunities and relationships
2125,"Cooperation, responsibility, achievable, insight and progress"
2135,Rocking is always being good
2163,Salesforce propose a recruitment process full of empathy and professionalism. Every steps I was informed in due time and recruitment team is always asking for feedback to have a chance to become even better. By far the best recruitment process I ever experienced.
2166,very good parental leave opportunity
2212,Leadership is second to none and really care about their people
2217,"- One of the top salary providers in market. - The growth is in your own hands, not dependent on managers to initiate. - Lot of areas to learn. - Healthy environment to support all believes and maintain inclusiveness. - Non-bullying environment."
2250,Better exposure and change and challenge
2254,Good Culture in the organisation stability
2266,"Cooperation, responsibility, achievable, insight and progress"
2282,"Overwhelming growth, delegation of authority"
2297,A lot of support from management who are acting like coach Independence to manage patch Company culture very strong and coherent Strategy is clear and straightforward
2320,Growth opportunities are very strong
2328,It has a great culture and people!
2331,Strong values and cares about its people
2333,"Cares about its people, innovative, fast paced"
2399,- Big upside if you are a rockstar. - Strong sense of culture. - Plenty of support teams to sell products.
2417,Management gives a lot of support to younger and less experience reps to help them be successful in the role.
2438,"Anything and everything about the culture, people. Marc is a true hero and believes in Ohana culture."
2446,Wonderful company with a wonderful EPD culture. Leadership takes care to tend to their team's mental health in light of the pandemic. Would recommend to any friend
2447,"A lot of opportunity, great people and an abundance of resources the company has to offer. They invest in you as a person. Managers are excellent career guides and Are NOT just concerned with results or micromanaging."
2465,Culture is great. Everyone wants each other to be successful. Can make a ridiculous amount of money if you close a lot of deals.
2547,"Good environment to work with values, trust and innvation"
2558,Everyone helps everyone succeed- the Salesforce Ohana is real.
2632,"--Great Culture, second to none --Smart People --Strong Leadership"
2642,Sensible leaders willing to do what it takes
2646,"huge emphasis on inclusion, accessibility, and wellbeing."
2664,- Great Support - Open Door Policy - Fight against status quo is encouraged - Trust - What I do matters
2714,"Top tier product, top tier training through a sink or swim mentality. You get talented at selling anything through understanding value and need."
2721,Compensation is competitve and culture is great
2723,"Great culture, leaders are transparent"
2788,culture & people and the job opportunity in the future
2790,"Solid leadership from Marc/Keith - clear vision, ethics and values. Scrapy attitude, always willing to tackle the impossible. On the right side of history with regard to social issues. Smart colleagues - particularly in NY and SF. Takes care of employees and (most newly acquired) companies."
2824,"Great place to work, strong management, true to Ohana culture - it's real!"
2825,"Great people, you'll find support in places you would have never imagined."
2835,"good values, supportive during pandemic"
2886,"Overall, the company culture seems very open and encourages honest self-reflection, but there's definitely a bias toward people who are naturally positive and seek opportunities. If you're a team-focused, positive, cheerful, driven person, this is a company where you can make huge strides in a very short amount of time."
2921,"open culture, open opportunities, flexibility, work-life balance"
2962,"The atmosphere is pretty laid back, and most people are friendly and willing to help."
2969,"The compensation is killer, the technology challenges are there, and the people are all very smart and friendly. The pace is fast, but it doesn't feel unsustainable."
2981,Will learn a lot in this role
3001,"There are many smart people, especially in the engineering organization due to stringent hiring standards. Fast paced environment at an industry leader and category definer."
3007,It's a fast paced culture.
3125,"Inspired leadership, great team, all-in culture. Embarrassment of riches."
3168,"Values, balance, culture, inclusivity, challenge"
3189,"Stable, growing, dow Jones, competitive"
3191,"Opportunity exists, you might need to be persistent"
3229,"friendly, helpful, try to be nice and treat you well"
3257,Many benefits Lots of growth opportunities and encouraged to explore new venues to help personally and professionally A large focus on D&I
3285,"-Value-led, Employee-first, wellness-focused, ""never quit"" and ""always be changing"" culture -Good compensation & fantastic benefits -Structured organization, but leadership that embraces the ""skip-level"" or ""flat hierarchy"" mentality, for the most part"
3308,"Work life balance, low pressure, good pay, market reputation, good entry point to launch career"
3310,"Transparency, senior leadership is aligned back to values"
3361,Fast paced environment. Plenty of challenges and opportunities if you can connect with the right people
3418,"At Salesforce you are in a position to define and shape your own career. There is nothing you can't achieve if put in hard work, time and take the philosophy that it's on your shoulders to define what you want and go and get it."
3456,- Excellent Solution - Culture of equality
3485,Innovative and Careful about our Society we are living in.
3517,"Culture is incredible, very dynamic, many opportunities to shine!"
3535,Opportunity values growth trust impact
3588,- Excellent Solution - Culture of equality
3615,"Culture, Benefits, Technology, Growing, Responsible"
3619,"Great opportunities, culture and people!"
3626,"Very dynamic, lot of opportunities"
3711,- The alohaa spirit! - Every product change influences the entire commercial market
3828,"Great values and mindset Flexibility Open mentality from managers, errors are learnings Huge team spirit"
3837,people genuinely care for each other and the culture of the company. people invest tie and effort for the greater good
3846,"Great team to work together and almost everyone will chip in to provide assistance in case if your stuck, be it technical or even other areas."
3868,"Fast pace Strong and competent people while still very grounded Giving back to society is not just in words, it is widely practiced"
3902,Great benefits. Opportunity. Reputation. Smart people. Good place to learn
3904,Culture and benefits. Focus on personal well being
3914,- Defined GTM in Solutions
3920,Competitive compensation Genuine care about employees Leading brand A software solution for every possible aspect of a business so never at a loss to try and sell something
3976,Ohana all the way! It’s a defining characteristic.
3984,Salesforce has been very good to me. I've had lots of opportunities to learn and grow. They've been especially great during the pandemic ensuring everyone is safe.
4006,People are the best of the best We use our own products Customers actually like the technology Still in a growth mindset - which gives you an opportunity to leave your fingerprints on pieces of the business as we scale
4038,Seemingly feels safe and not too challenging after you get your bearing.
4049,The short-lived good feeling you get in the beginning when you first get hired before you discover the truth.
4139,Great company great culture and great people. They believe in being the driver of your own destiny career wise. If you aren’t someone who can motivate yourself to do it. This isn’t the company for you.
4184,"They take their core value of equality seriously, and although I did encounter one micromanager, I haven't encountered any outright jerks. The culture is as supportive as its reputation suggests."
4223,"The Culture and Energy are strong, growth is constant and many people have long tenure."
4236,Good culture and also good support from the other teams
4240,"Culture, people and leadership. Their focus on diversity and inclusion is commendable."
4246,Can only comment on interview process and impression of the team. The interview emphasized the individuality of the candidate rather than focusing on standardized methodologies like Leetcode questions.
4289,"If you're in tech sales, Salesforce is undoubtedly a good chapter in your career that will help you stand out to other companies (after putting in your time). First line sales leadership is all about your territory, your team, and what you put into the role. If stars align on your territory and team, you might have a shot at a decent year."
4374,"Culture, teamwork, product - from my experience, you are set up for success to hit your number."
4384,- Transparency in promotion cycle - Transparency in compensation - Strong exit opportunities
4410,People are the best of the best We use our own products Customers actually like the technology Still in a growth mindset - which gives you an opportunity to leave your fingerprints on pieces of the business as we scale
4426,"Diversity, openness, social impact, friendliness and start up mentality"
4433,You will learn more here at an unparalleled pace than potentially anywhere else
4457,"Culture, benefits, coworkers, compensation, remote work does not hinder career opportunities"
4495,"- Intentions for top talent are aspirational, and hopeful - Believe in people care (caution - does not extend to support functions) - Strong marketing culture"
4499,The company truly believes in its platform as a medium for change. Senior leadership is incredible and you truly do feel part of an important business.
4527,great people and ohana culture
4529,There is a core of people who are incredibly bright and want to help.
4569,The culture at Salesforce is just as advertised
4609,Ohana all the way! It’s a defining characteristic.
4649,They live and breathe their values.
4665,"They take their core value of equality seriously, and although I did encounter one micromanager, I haven't encountered any outright jerks. The culture is as supportive as its reputation suggests."
4680,"Friendly, Great Culture, Integrity, Trust"
4683,Truly uses values as guiding principles
4696,"chill, mental health taken seriously, friendly people"
4709,Leaders really try their best to help others succeed
4713,My partner will leave me if I leave Benefits Talent
4744,Culture focus is real and lived everyday.
4766,- Great Leaders - Challenging but understanding culture - Fantastic market trajectory with plenty of room to grow
4803,Mental Health is valued. Interesting problems as it is a popular product and can be fun to code on Core.
4806,- Great culture and values - Tons of training and possibilities to develop a career
4820,Culture is amazing and people are smart.
4922,it's all about the team you are in
4950,Possibility to learn if you don't mind tirelessly looking for resources by yourself and using your personal time
4951,SF has great people and culture
4961,awesome culture throughout entire org
4969,Good culture Everyone is willing to help
4974,"culture, benefits, career growth, leadership"
4980,awesome culture throughout entire org
4993,Trust is the foundation. Either that is with external customer or inter employees
5001,"Good earning potential, support and resources to sell"
5087,"Ohana, People, Culture, Vibe, Skill Set"
5093,"I joined Salesforce Singapore as my first job fresh out of university, and truthfully, it's really the people that make this place an amazing place to work at. Different teams will have different ways of working for sure (dependent on the manager), but overall I find colleagues here willing to share their time and expertise. Even as a junior member of the company, I was never made to feel afraid or hesitant in approaching a more senior colleague for advice. There is a lot of trust in my team, which has been especially invaluable in this whole work-from-home situation. The autonomy and flexibility granted in my role is also surprising, but practical I suppose – considering how large the company is growing, it's difficult for a manager to micro-manage the activities of every single team member. The remuneration package is fair (not top-of-market however) and comes with lots of benefits. Most importantly, managers in Salesforce are super supportive about lateral movements within the organization, and outside of it. Telling your manager 'I would like to seek a new challenge this year' is not taboo here. I've lost count of the number of colleagues who have changed roles over the past 2 years I've been here."
5098,"Culture, openness, trust, it’s up to you to make your own career with their full support"
5104,Understanding and giving thoughts to the candidate's expectations.
5109,"Career Development, Culture, Opportunity for Growth"
5125,"Leader in space, great experience to take elsewhere, some great hard working people, great location, happening city, lots of opportunity to move elsewhere in company if you do not like what you are doing"
5170,"Company values, mission, ""Ohana"" culture, CEO leadership"
5198,Good benefits Friendly people Stock is valuable
5224,"Top leadership, product, positioning, energy, success, stock price, culture"
5234,"The company culture is great, and there are a ton of smart people you have the opportunity to meet."
5281,Has a privileged position in a rapidly growing industry.
5284,"Salesforce definitely compensates competitively, just make sure you negotiate with the initial offer. Plenty of off time. ESSP option is great way to invest back into the company. Worth it in my opinion because the stock has been on the uptrend for a while now."
5333,"They are who they say they are, and that's a rare and amazing thing; Ohana (choosen family) really means something; Employee centric; Unreal growth opportunities; Exciting workplace; Executive Leadership you can buy into"
5352,"- ""Cruise Ship that Turns like a Jetski"" hahah yeah right - Best Product on Market - Brand Recognition"
5397,"The atmosphere is pretty laid back, and most people are friendly and willing to help."
5453,Culture Is a pro and what Mar Benioff has created unfortunately it is only surface level. Sexuality and Gender derogatory comments are accepted and tolerated.
5480,Excellent culture of trust from the get go
5481,The best recruiting process I have ever experience. The team took the time to get to know me. Really made sure I felt comfortable. Never left me hanging. Great follow ups. I never felt lost. They really respected my time.
5512,The top reasons to work at salesforce.com are the people and the environment you work in. It is a very young and outgoing culture internally and it promotes a great camaraderie internally and outside of the company.
5542,Company culture and founding principles are inspiring. The idea of 'Ohana' makes you feel like you are part of a global community and not just another faceless corporation. Work-life balance is maintained.
5662,"Company values, mission, ""Ohana"" culture, CEO leadership"
5697,"great opportunity they really want to hold on to us, we are gaining more marketshare by the day"
5711,"The company leaders in CA appear to have strong values. Indy, not so much."
5766,"Enable you to be your best, hire the right people, endless opportunities within"
5778,good culture and conditions and strong market demand
5790,"Smart people, supportive manager, able to define and implement a strategy with team support"
5794,"Emphasis on core values, many great people"
5816,"Emphasis on core values, many great people"
5836,Team is very friendly Good opportunity to enlight ourselves
5891,Good can be great... in my opinion
5913,"I love the culture, career growth opportunities, longevity, etc."
5917,Good can be great... in my opinion
5959,Strongest vision of any enterprise software company out there. Team is it in to win and continue fast growth path. Willing to take risks. Very talented teams.
5992,"Fast paced. You learn a lot. I did, and will never regret the time I spent there. Note that you will not survive at the company long term unless you're willing to play their political games."
5994,Awesome product suite Very few instances of service failure Ability to find prospects Visionary status on Gartner reports Weak Competition
5998,"The work-culture, the benefits, the people!"
6009,Smart people fast paced environment Overall - Good culture
6039,"Clear Vision, a quickly maturing company while maintaining a start-up urgency."
6091,"location, advance opportunity, money, benefits, industry leader, million dollar view of the bay."
6110,I have a big opportunity to learn
6135,- Easy process - Not too much waiting time before validation - Continuous communication
6206,"Longer you stay, the better the market will pay for you"
6227,"Longer you stay, the better the market will pay for you"
6299,"They have a huge emphasis on ethics, morals, employee mental health and well being, all while being a great software company."
6358,Liked the role alot and people
6370,"People, benefits, market leader, career growth"
6371,"Salesforce is a progressive organization that likes to say it leads with its values. Generally, that is accurate."
6385,Compensation is competitve and culture is great
6411,The benefits are really why everyone stays
6420,Trust and Equality are of the utmost importance.
6423,"Fast paced, global experience that is a tier above the competition."
6428,Transparency into what leadership is thinking Great work life balance Culture of Ohana is real Quick to act on external matters and committed to making a difference
6445,People are really helpful in resolving issues.
6447,"You cannot beat the culture, or the benefits. Salesforce is swimming in top talent which makes for incredible results."
6450,"Clear goals, Excellent leadership direction. You have opportunity to move to a different team to try new things, the best part here is you don't need your current manager's approval/inform to attend interview for other teams."
6456,What can be said that hasn't already? Great product. Strong leadership. Fun culture. Salesforce is an extremely competitive place that hires outstanding people. You are never the smartest person in the room and there are nearly unlimited resources to help you do your job.
6506,"Despite losing good people at a rapid pace, still surrounded by some of the smartest people I know."
6535,Upper management has big plans. Lots of potential for growth
6641,"World-class, easy to sell product Heavy investment in employee training Plenty of opportunity for success and advancement Amicable coworkers DreamForce Marc Benioff Brand name recognition"
6643,"People, culture, reputation, balance, product, and technology"
6649,"There are many smart people, especially in the engineering organization due to stringent hiring standards. Fast paced environment at an industry leader and category definer."
6678,You will definitely feel a people environment here
6691,- smart people - great team - innovation - killer marketing - best products
6696,People - Its all about collaboration and teamwork. Opportunities - You are in full control of your career and can move and grow as you desire.
6723,Strong Sales Training program Could upward momentum Career path Global reach
6764,Some pockets of groups that are good.
6766,Values Driven Organization High Growth and Opportunity Locations Everywhere Great People Innovative
6772,"Culture, potential, technology, customers, leadership"
6782,- Big upside if you are a rockstar. - Strong sense of culture. - Plenty of support teams to sell products.
6887,"Great culture, great benefits, and they have a roadmap of your career planned out so you’ll know exactly what you need to do to get promoted"
6905,Great culture and lots of opportunity for growth
6935,"Resources, people, product and acquisition strategy always keep things interesting"
6947,The benefits are really why everyone stays
6993,"culture, inclusivity, philanthropy, leadership, challenge"
7025,"managers worry about you, you are not a number. Team and individual targets incentivising collaboration. They want you to succeed"
7156,Large product portfolio and growth potential
7173,"Real company culture, understood and embraced by every employee. Outstanding individuals, talented workers. Opportunities of growth. Equality between peers, open and honest is encouraged ; i'm posting negative comments without fear of retaliation !"
7183,"1 1 1 model, onboarding, growth and opportunities"
7198,- Job flexibility - Openess to change - Internal career movements - Strong focus on ethical use of tech - 7 days Volunteering per year - Senior Leadership care about personal development of the employees - The recruitment process was incredibly smooth (2 weeks from first contact to offer)
7260,Lots of opportunities and good culture
7267,- Culture - Opportunities - Clear path of development - People
7331,you have the chance to see the future sitting on the front line
7342,"I am grateful to be apart of Salesforce and my team. The interview process was intense but a lot of fun and I am very much looking forward to bootcamp. Everyone has been fantastic and truly wants you to succeed. I was a little skeptical of the “Ohana” culture prior to my first day but it is for real. Yes, it can be stressful and even overwhelming at times but that is to be expected anywhere."
7400,Employees are trusted and empowered. Amazing culture. Really believe in the philosophy of work hard and play harder. Open environment.
7451,"Fast moving, plenty of opportunity, comps well."
7486,"Culture, Inclusiveness, Amazing people, VTO, Ohana spirit."
7507,"As a graduate, I feel like I am learning a lot. I have definitely grown in my short time with the company. I am definitely listened to and I feel like I am trusted by my team. I feel like I have a lot of creative freedom in my work."
7514,Huge exposure to the market. Amazing people/team. Lots of opportunities to grow
7519,"Focused, motivated, super smart people. Huge market, huge momentum, great leadership."
7525,Fantastic Energy Clear vision of the Strategy
7569,"-fun culture, still working to maintain some of the startup vibe despite not being a big player in the market -talks the talk about equality and for the most part walks it but the lack of women in management and Sr Leadership roles is obvious -this is not something Salesforce can change overnight but at least they aren't afraid of the conversation"
7583,Great culture and values. Lots of opportunities.
7589,"Culture is incredible, very dynamic, many opportunities to shine!"
7598,"culture, people, salary,location and overall experience"
7608,"Great Team, great products, can do attitude, ethical place with principles"
7621,open opportunities and freedom to pursue your own interest and flexibility with the job
7625,"Great Team, great products, can do attitude, ethical place with principles"
7657,Opportunity values growth trust impact
7699,"Great team to work together and almost everyone will chip in to provide assistance in case if your stuck, be it technical or even other areas."
7712,"Culture, Solutions, Customers, People, Brand"
7742,"Very people friendly, planet friendly. Business is the biggest way to make impactful meaningful change on the world"
7756,- Flexibility in working - Trust - Company where the people actually live by the values
7773,Genuine interest in developing your career
7837,The people you work with and the culture it fosters
7845,Great WFH policies Snacks High Level of Trust from immediate manager Opportunities to explore
7860,One of the best policies
7869,You'll never work with such a sound bunch of people
7875,Culture With ethics With life balance True product exposure
7876,"Open collaborative selling, potential to earn a lot of money. Strong core values of trust and equality."
7885,"excellent culture, they really do live and breathe it. VERY supportive so far but I am in my first month. Interview process was far and beyond what I went through with others (e.g. AWS was awful). VERY welcoming, haven't really got anything bad to say. Only thing is bootcamp is now online whereas it used to be in San Fran or Madrid...bring that back!"
7920,- culture - pay - opportunity - growth
7933,"Worked for salesforce following a take over of my previous company. The take over took few months to happen and we've been through a transition period, but we have been treated very well and welcomed into our respective groups. Hat off to Salesforce."
7950,-learn from the best of the best -selling a solution you believe in -company mission
7968,"Company lives up to the hype by being true to its values, and isn’t afraid to challenge issue that are brought forward. I assume everyone I work with is fantastic at their job, and I’m rarely proven otherwise. Amazing internal mobility and growth opportunities."
7976,"Culture is exceptional. Business opportunities are great, a lot of customers and potential growth."
7985,"The culture, the benefits, the opportunity. They ask a lot of their employees, but give you the resources to succeed. Would absolutely recommend working here to anyone."
8055,"Great vision, leadership genuinely cares about doing the right thing, great technology"
8081,You will definitely feel a people environment here
8083,"I think in my life dealing with 50+ more companies recruiters, Salesforce recruiters are the worst. They have reached out to me through linkedin asking for updated resume and once they get hold of it they disappear. I try reaching out to them asking for updates for never hear back from them. Mind you, I work in FANG and this has happened to me atleast 4 times now. The only reason I am interested in this company is because I happened to speak to few managers and looks like they really care about their employees. Sadly, the recruiters dont!"
8098,"They are who they say they are, and that's a rare and amazing thing; Ohana (choosen family) really means something; Employee centric; Unreal growth opportunities; Exciting workplace; Executive Leadership you can buy into"
8114,"Culture, challenging problems, teamwork mentality"
8167,"Top performers are recognized, you are working alongside top talent in the industry which only up levels your game"
8193,Talent level is second to none Many opportunities to move up and laterally
8204,"Strong on ethics, values, good will. Really smart people to work with. Fun/hard challenges. Pays well."
8205,"Top talent, solid strategy, high growth!"
8219,"- ""Cruise Ship that Turns like a Jetski"" hahah yeah right - Best Product on Market - Brand Recognition"
8288,- Amazing people. You won't find a better group of people to work with. - You'll learn a lot. - Plenty of room to grow your career. You're challenged and encouraged to explore. - Managers care about you and you are given every opportunity to improve and succeed
8299,"People you work with are of high caliber, well respected company, job security, perks, benefits, stability, ability to explore different roles every fiscal year, still like a startup in many ways."
8329,"It has good corporate culture, and understands that there are many stakeholders that need to be considered. Not just stockholders, but also employees, customers, society, etc."
8352,The money is good - but the expectations are unclear at times and the people are difficult to work with for the most part.
8375,"Energetic Culture, Open Heirarchy, Excellent Resources"
8387,Culture products philanthropy thought leadership growth
8408,"The company leaders in CA appear to have strong values. Indy, not so much."
8409,"The stock has been on a tear, sales are really strong."
8427,ESPP is a great benefit
8432,The Culture is very focused on equality and giving back. Also strong focus on being great corporate and global citizens
8464,"In the time I've been here, I've learned a ton, been promoted repeatedly, traveled extensively and had great opportunities, but the whole experience has been overshadowed by harassment from executives and I am not alone in that experience"
8491,"Lots of opportunity, Ohana Culture"
8550,"The culture, the people, and the values"
8554,- focus on volunteering - focus on trust - good benefits - good culture if you're in the right cloud (org)
8566,"You will work on very large systems that will challenge you technically to places you have never been. The people are thorough, detailed, collaborative and concerned about the customer as job one. Second to none is their process and the team's ability to learn from an event in order to prevent it from happening again."
8567,"Flexibility, Culture, Products/Solutions, People"
8570,"Lots of smart people. Aggressive, growth-oriented culture."
8572,"Touts culture and diversity If you have the drive to succeed you will. If you dont, you will be out Fair compensation Company trajectory historically high Market leader Lots to learn Trust is the #1 value"
8577,"The people are its best asset. Derived from the belief of co-founder David Cummings that people are the only competitive advantage you have complete control over, Pardot only hires the best of the best. Turnover is extremely low because it's such a good place to be. When you work with other smart people every day and all of the BS that cuts out, its hard to imagine anywhere else even getting close to this sort of atmosphere."
8586,Cultural emphasis on inclusion & equality
8591,The culture is well ingrained. Some pockets where it's not lived out but overall very good.
8594,"Salesforce is the best place for someone in the intermediate to advanced stages of a software sales career period. You have unlimited resources, exposure, and are surrounded by the best of the best. The products lead the market, and 90% of the population here is an ""A"" player, confident and driven to succeed. The company is poised to dominate the CRM and Marketing industries for the next decade at least. In short, this is a fantastic opportunity to be a part of."
8627,"Technology leader, with a culture that is focused on building great teams, developing people, ensuring they can pursue doing more than just the job (training, time allocated for charity) and very focused on customers. The company will continue to change, which is something that people struggle with."
8631,"The stock has been on a tear, sales are really strong."
8695,"open culture, open opportunities, flexibility, work-life balance"
8709,Always looking to improve by seeking feedback and contrary opinions
8722,"Can't imagine a better place to work in terms of people, office, policies, company values, etc."
8729,- Amazing people. You won't find a better group of people to work with. - You'll learn a lot. - Plenty of room to grow your career. You're challenged and encouraged to explore. - Managers care about you and you are given every opportunity to improve and succeed
8741,Company culture and founding principles are inspiring. The idea of 'Ohana' makes you feel like you are part of a global community and not just another faceless corporation. Work-life balance is maintained.
8743,They are truly authentic to what they represent. They hire not only the best people for the position but characteristics within their employees that exemplify integrity and humanity.
8768,Good learning enviorment for positive mind set persons
8807,Great Culture Great leadership Values demonstrated Empowering people professionally and personally Care for individuals as people first
8821,Support and investment in people
8825,"Good culture, good pay, and good executive leadership - with a lot of policies that reinforce that you are working in a good place"
8840,Very respectful culture and reputable brand
8855,"Culture first, everyone cares and wants to help"
8859,Don't try to join this company
8871,Good culture If right account will do very well
8884,Very respectful culture and reputable brand
8910,fast paced environment target based
8912,"Smart people, supportive manager, able to define and implement a strategy with team support"
8921,Good future scope it has
8939,"I love the culture, career growth opportunities, longevity, etc."
8967,The hype about Salesforce is real; it's a warm and inviting place to start one's career. Extremely inclusive and almost everyone is genuine and kind.
9021,Ethical and social responsibility Competence Learning every day Innovation #together
9050,"People, work and opportunity for growth"
9058,good for starters as you will get direct opportunities.
9064,management training challenging trusted innovated
9084,"Dymanic, evolving, leading, open-minded, visionary, growth"
9109,"Generally care about the employees, equality, human rights and the planetary enviornment."
9158,"Great work culture, practical focus on ethics"
9163,Huge advocate of employee well being constant learning- you just learn challenges - serious real-world problems to solve with world-class solutions great leadership during the COVID 19
9172,"Culture, Ethics, Trust, Transparency, Compensation"
9179,Lot of opportunities to grow
9181,- culture - leadership - people —> you will work with the brightest people in the industry
9187,"Culture, Ethics, Trust, Transparency, Compensation"
9201,"you feel valued, and the culture is the best you will see in India, even though there are enough challenges it make any one feel worth working here!"
9220,There is a Great culture in place
9226,Invest a lot of resources on training
9242,Employee Benefits. Culture. Like minded people. Leadership. Policies. Values. You would immense learning opportunity here.
9257,Ohana culture isn't just brochure-ware. The people I have met live by the values and have been so welcoming. Company vision is well communicated and there are lots of onboarding resources to understand how to align with this Trust and transparency are key and everyone is held accountable to these from Benioff down.
9269,"The benefits, the people, the location"
9310,Open opportunity market to explore different teams
9319,"Dynamic environment with an excellent culture, everyone is willing to help you achieve your goals and unleash your true potential."
9387,"People, culture, prospects, mone, that’s it"
9410,Has a great Sense of familiarity
9411,Global perspective and global system
9425,4 company values are key elements
9435,Great culture to speak freely and share thoughts without fear. Loads of room for growth
9530,The culture and people are two outstanding point of SF
9586,Culture very serious about inclusion equality trust diversity ...
9594,Ohana - big emphasis on wellbeing
9627,"Get to work with smart people who want to make the world a better place. You can take risks, try new things and innovate. Highly iterative and customer centred approach"
9630,The culture and people are two outstanding point of SF
9635,"Culture, prospects for advancement, variety."
9661,"Brilliant product, culture, people, ambition"
9665,The compulsion to say they are a good company and a good solution is so strong that it feels uncomfortable.
9684,"Marc Benioff is a true visionary, compassionate, fearless leader."
9695,"Visionary company, CEO lives 5 years in future. Was a disruptive force, but is now normal. Intense culture, not a place for 9-5 behaviour. Great place to work hard & grow your career."
9698,"Still fast-yet-not-small growing IT company Good Technology Good base pay (see caveat below, though) Together with Amazon the place to be if you really want to make an experience in cloud and Saas and gain experiences for next wave of IT (Real Cloud computing, no fakes) Can learn from extremely experienced IT pro's (altough they're seldon teaching). Organization is changing fast, there are opportunities to move Internal mobility is a core value."
9718,Fast paced environment. Plenty of challenges and opportunities if you can connect with the right people
9722,Leading edge solutions gets you in touch with the latest tech trends.
9772,Leading edge solutions gets you in touch with the latest tech trends.
9787,Lots of opportunities and good culture
9791,Many good leaders in organisation.
9821,"Great leadership, no fear of changes in constant motion, friendly and professional colleagues"
9853,"great atmosphere, innovation, incentives, go to market strategy"
9873,"If you want to find a market lead and good place for interesting work, this might be a right place for you to try."
9876,you'll learn great skills you'll be pushed by your coworkers to excel you will have opportunities to develop *yourself* (nobody will work to develop you) you'll have great opportunities open to you upon leaving
9880,Unlimited upside and great team culture. The technology is world class but it doesn't sell itself. If you ask for help - it's there in spades
9881,The CEO is constantly promoting the company so good or bad it is high profile and always in the press.
9888,"Great Benefits Flexibility with working remote or in various locations throughout the US Opportunities to work in other countries Opportunity to learn about a lot of emerging technologies if you are interested Very smart, motivated people"
9920,Culture / Growth / Innovation / Products / Leadership
9941,"Culture, challenging problems, teamwork mentality"
9959,"Culture is great, work opportunities are everywhere and the opportunity to make impact are limited by your capabilities. Company is focused, driving the entire business segment forward, and the leadership has great vision and are maniacally focused on execution."
9974,"Ideas are not only encouraged, you are allowed to execute against those ideas with the agility of a small company."
9999,"Company Culture, Management, Career Advancement Opportunities, Work-Life Balance"
10027,Good brand name on resume. Get the experience and move out.
10058,"Great vision, leadership genuinely cares about doing the right thing, great technology"
10062,"People, culture, reputation, balance, product, and technology"
10072,Culture / Growth / Innovation / Products / Leadership
10142,"Fast paced. You learn a lot. I did, and will never regret the time I spent there. Note that you will not survive at the company long term unless you're willing to play their political games."
10187,Brand name Great people Potential to make real money
10212,Great culture and values. A lot of opportunities still
10260,The culture and the people
10265,good product experience and market demand
10270,On the surface appears to have great company values and commitment but internally its all a smokescreen
10283,The culture and the people
10310,Impactful work that will change the world.
10313,"Commitment to culture (employee-friendly), values (e.g. trust, equality), philanthropy (1:1:1 model), great people Never boring, always challenging work to do Plenty of opportunity to try new things, move within the company. Continued company growth also means opportunities for advancement"
10320,Training was very strong -
