,cons
18,no major concerns that come to mind
26,All about selling all the time
27,Large organization obviously so can be a little bureaucratic
38,"This is a severely toxic organization - reorgs and a lot of political fighting, posturing and sabotage between the VPs as they try really hard to get noticed by the EVPs. What's worse is that it appears that the HR folks are either powerless and so they go along or they are in on it. Several coworkers described experiences of being horribly berated by hatchet folks in HR based on ""complaints"" that HR would not clarify or explain. They described being pulled onto phone calls and told they have to ""apologize for what you did"", and when asked what they were talking about, would be told ""it's impossible that you don't know what we're talking about and if you don't then it's even worse than we thought."" Some have hypothesized this is how Salesforce rattles employees they, for whatever reason, decide they want to leave ( inside scoop indicates this is another maneuver by some VPs to create ""opportunities"" to shape an org the way they want when they get key folks to self-select out) but have no reason to push them out or worse yet, the employees were actually considered high performing by prior managers. I highly recommend anyone considering Salesforce to stay away unless it is the best you can get because its a huge company, if you get on the wrong side of just about anyone it could get really bad for you and there is nothing you can do."
44,Culture is taking some getting use to
47,"Stressful, high demanding Sales Organization - many times unrealistic goals like ""monthly participation"" which mean all AE's commit to bringing in a deal monthly."
49,"Hard to move up (but easy to move laterally) Very ""big company"" energy - hierarchical, focus on seniority"
56,There are no downsides... No cons!
61,Can be a little chaotic and disorganised at times.
62,"Tough leadership, grind to hit growth expectations"
66,Marketing is out in front of product
68,"Toxic, back biting, gossip, no one can say the emperor has no clothes, completely subjective"
73,a fair amount of internal backstabbing
79,Culture (Ohana) has been severely impacted by hiring people exclusively from Microsoft !
82,Too big. You don't know 99.99% of the people.
83,"Not applicable, Not applicable,Not applicable,"
86,"1. Month-end results internal culture in an externally quarterly results driven business. Resulting in: - Disingenuous messaging - Constant emphasis on short vs. long term - Burn out 2. Company wide culture of people who say they are always open to help and collaborate publicly, but in actuality only make themselves available when it suits/benefits them personally"
92,Typical large Company downsides. They like to focus on their mission but sometimes the messages get lost in all of the corporate speak.
94,Re-orgs amidst a chaotic year
99,I have nothing bad to say
107,I have nothing bad to say
118,"Large, slow, traditional, typical, predictable"
124,"It's such a big company, it's tough to feel like any particular area moves the needle."
137,"Too big, little clarity from leadership, politicking and red tape"
142,* Many meetings that are maybe unnecessary.
144,Gaslighting when you speak up about wanting to take on more Extremely difficult to try be hired into new roles
145,Senior leadership only cares about numbers and not people. Lack of women in leadership.
163,"some politics, can be difficult to advance, often not much work/life balance"
172,Too much information and not enough time
176,Growth strategy can lead to overly aggressive sales tactics
178,"A little ""fake"" sometimes. Wish there was more authentic communications from management"
180,Too much information and not enough time
182,Not using our own products
186,"too hierarchial, unsure on sustaining growth"
190,"A lot of it appears to be disjoint illogical decisions... like randomly laying off 2000 people without any explanation, this includes TOP performers both sales and technical."
194,Huge company and can get left behind easily.
207,No career growth and poor stock refreshers
211,Internal process is more complicated than before.
231,"too big, promotions are bureaucratic"
240,~80 hour work weeks are the norm. Constant shifting of priorities creates mountains of technical debt that is never paid down. Teams are not adequately staffed to handle extra load from other members going off on parental leave for months at a time. There is empire building happening at the senior management level that often results in career casualties for the people doing actual work.
246,Very demanding especially within sales. At times expectations feel unrealistic
252,Can sometimes be too corporate.
254,Might be a bit political
259,Less Politics especially upper ranks - Same as anywhere else
262,"Sometimes I feel people already working here(at least in my team) are too arrogant, irreverant to people coming from not so good company. They believe since they are here, somehow they know more or are more smart."
266,Unachievable quotas: increase quotas each year and decrease territory sizes even when no one hits quotas. Do not pay enough.
269,The ethos does not translate to the sales roles. Attainment in 2019 has been extremely poor with less than 20% of people due to hit their number.
272,"There is a real lack of cohesion to the sales organization. When you first join you are pretty left to fend for yourself and see to your own integration. The sales targets are completely ridiculous and the compensation plan has been making it more difficult to make money every year. This year I am going to make approximately €25-40k (depending how my year finishes) less than the average of my last two years. The overall attainment figures for sales people are in the toilet. This will not be made clear during your interview and will not be openly discussed with management as to what a realistic quota should be. This ultimately has created a toxic environment where people feel undervalued due to their inability to hit an unrealistic target. In theory, everyone can make good money. In reality 90% of people will miss their target and the majority of commissions will be left in the hands of the few. The increasing product offering of Salesforce brings problems in terms of collaboration. It is not always easy to find the right person for the right meeting in good time. This can make it difficult for customers to do business with us, as the sales process can become protracted. While career options are varied, the criteria for promotion isn't ever clear. It is often a case of 10 people interviewing not knowing how many roles will be filled, not knowing when they will find out and unclear feedback as to why they did/didn't get the role. Naturally this has caused people to question the process."
273,Improve on removing internal transfer policy
274,Territories becoming diluted against rising targets
275,too many politics depending on your organisation
276,"Ohana cultura doesn't work for everyone and it has been misusing by managers, toxic environment, carreer plan based on favouritism instead of meritocracy"
279,"High pressure, diminishing culture and risk of burnout due to aggressive sales targets."
280,targets can sometimes be unattainable
285,Sometimes management have unrealistic expectations
292,Very sales focused and growth targets are very aggressive. Career opportunities are surprisingly limited and very talented people can get stuck in roles for years as the structure is so flat in marketing and the team is so lean that there’s often nowhere to go. Management is also very hit and miss. Some are great and others are incompetent. This inconsistency means that those under good managers do well and those under bad managers get stuck. The company needs to invest more in training people to be leaders and coaches rather than just putting them in charge due to tenure. Workload can be extremely high and overwhelming so it takes a while to work out how to get by without burning out. Also tend to employ highly experienced people to do a lot of execution as headcount is so limited they need to hire people who can create a strategy and execute it. This leads to frustration among people who could be doing so much more but get stuck in the detail of delivery.
320,As someone in a services role we are often second fiddle to the people selling software
323,"The company is at something of a crossroads, wedded to some of the disadvantages of its start-up mentality: thinking can be short-term, with decisions accordingly myopic, and there is too great a value placed on the diving-catch. Too many fire-drills and a small number of capricious senior leaders who have been around for 10 - 15 years behaving in the same way. It is tiresome, disruptive and frankly counter-cultural but their tenure appears to make them untouchable."
332,"If you like Kool-Aid, have a knack for never questioning things, and don't care much for integrity, this is the place for you! Worst office politics I've experienced - conflicting goals across teams created tension between managers which trickled down to staff. Goal posts were constantly changing and never reaching a resolve. One particular manager was notoriously difficult to work with and had a reputation for bullying, playing favouritism, and making most people feel uncomfortable by employing a management style of intimidation. Despite multiple HR violations against him for his aggressive behaviour, nothing was ever done to rectify it. You're not encouraged to work as a team, but instead, encouraged to develop ways of getting ahead of others through sometimes unethical means. Middle management will overlook any unethical, throwing-under-the-bus behaviours if it means you help them hit their numbers and make them look good. Nurtures a cutthroat environment of arrogance and greed. The company spends far too much energy talking itself up to its employees (#dreamjob) and customers without following through with the goods."
339,"Feel like I work in a cult sometimes (or drinking the ""kool-aid"") - the culture feels superficial and fake. Lots of lip service paid to being best place to work but the level of politics is demoralising and leadership is largely uninspiring working in pre-sales makes me feel like I have to be at the beck and call of the account execs. While most account execs are nice, there are some that make life a misery. As long as these account execs being in business, any bullying or manipulative behaviour is overlooked oracle people taking over the enterprise business. Culture there is terrible. Bullying culture prevalent. HR or ""employee success"" turn a blind eye - largely ineffectual."
352,"Internal job movements are not happening, no option but to look out of company to grow."
357,"I have worked in other companies before and Salesforce seemed great in the beginning but its really the new Oracle in a disguise. * High turnover of staff * Nepotism / 'Boys Club' environment * No transparency * The internal promotion process is questionable * Cheating to hit targets, quid pro quo if you have a network * Management will not listen to feedback (expect that they turn it against you) * Hard to maintain work/life balance * Ohana is just marketing * Micro management * No lunch at all and the breakfast is just cereal * The office location is far away from the centre"
362,American Corporate Think like Startup
364,"Old, phone-based, lack of value selling method. Lots of integrity issues and politics. I have been selling at a number of different firms and this is the worst so far. I'd stay away unless you're ready to kiss up to superiors and grind without proper coaching. Most importantly the competitive anxiety and lack of vulnerability is crippling."
366,Toxic environment in the Melbourne office. Bullying is accepted and tolerated.
372,"Management or lack of Management. Misunderstanding in selling solutions - so many solutions when faced with a customer can become confusing to the customer what exactly they are speaking to SF.com about. Is it a CRM, Marketing Platform, Lead gen, Web Personalisation, Ad platform, Services?? I feel the AE's are sometimes spread to thin with so much to offer."
374,"Very toxic culture. The issue with Salesforce is that there are so many people lined up for working there, that they simply do not care about the long-term well-being of their employees. Salesforce is a machine, you will be put in it, use you for everything your worth, and they will spit you out and move on to the next one. Most people would say that this is what sales is like, but no, Salesforce is a beast of its own when it comes to pushing people to their limit. Furthermore, the pay really isn't that great for a sales job in tech. Maybe it was good 5 years ago? Not now, though."
376,Ever seen that episode of Black Mirror with Bryce Dallas Howard where she constantly chases positive social ratings in order to keep her place in society? That's whats its like at SF. Faking constant positivity can be draining. Its genuine with most folks but when you have 'real talk' many folks don't take it well. I was there for 3 Fiscal Years and had my territory reduced by 50% and my quota rise by 50% every year. The 3rd time my patch became too small to hit the high quota. Sales mgmt would rather have 10 reps make 60% than 6 reps make 100%. Work-Life balance is tough too. Pressure for growth is massive on RVPs so it rolls down hill. Maintaining 25% growth has an impact on the front lines.
377,"I have seen many reviews but no action yet. We only see the canned response. Biggest mistake by getting employees and management from Call centre culture. 2. Spoiled the work culture. Most of them doesn’t have knowledge or attitude to work in company like Salesforce. They are fit for BPO only. Salesforce values now changed from Trust to No-Trust. Now the culture is Politics, backstabbing, data manipulation. There was saying Getting into Salesforce is harder than getting into Harvard university. This doesn’t apply for Hyd CSG. Criteria for hyd CSG:- 1. Referred by Management 2. Wife can refer husband and vice-versa. True ohana can be seen here. Husband and wife working in same team, shift, and manager. Though we have policy around it, who cares need to focus on Ohana. If not in same team it’s very easy to work in same shift. Doesn’t make sense reaching out to ES as they are the one who gives offer letters. Promotion criteria:- management favourite. Need to know how to play politics. Backstabbing and how to get numbers. Management is afraid to take actions against non performers and people with wrong attitudes which actually spoiled the entire culture. list will go on..."
381,"- Sometimes seems like a company where you'd be better off joining after a few years elsewhere, rather than kicking off your career due to what seems like unfair promotions"
385,I don't really have a bad word to say apart from it maybe getting a little too big now so territories are becoming a little small.
403,"- Completely focuses on sales, nothing else. All that matters to them is hitting quarterly numbers. - High Churn of people due to lack of training, management and high pressured cooker demanding instant results. - Poor leadership in place - often people who have done well put into management positions with no exp or people skills. - Zero career development and growth. - No culture - you will just be another number. - Many people unresponsive and hiding. - Very political and packed with egos. - management seem to ignore and look down on more junior employees as beneath them. - Poor communication to employees."
408,"It's a work hard, play hard culture, and we move fast, so if you aren't ready/willing to put in the inputs, it might not be the right sales job for you."
409,Sales can be extremely unfair environment. If your Manager likes you or you are simply lucky (30% of people) you can land a great territory or a double territory and do very well. Not just financially but you will feel valued by the business and respected. If you are one of the 70% that are not in this category - you will find it extremely hard to do well.
411,Complexity and lack of simplification
414,"Bureaucracy is growing, acquisition strategy questionable"
415,"Sales get smaller territories, lower commissions and higher targets each year. Becoming like one of the other big players with a red and white logo. Not surprising as 20% at least comes from that company."
421,"Very unfriendly, uncaring sales environment in enterprise sales - sink or swim attitude, don't care about customers just want to make the numbers and grow. Treat sales people like dispensable soldiers, hire 100, lose 50 hire another 100 - people arrive and just disappear a few months later, some only last a few months. Many of the leaders come from Oracle. Not many people make commission - targets are very difficult to achieve."
426,"Political, which is a given with the growth; middle management do not receive training in managing people and are often on power trips (likely based on insecurity); territories are far from equal and the company will double up territories for those they want to promote to make them look good and justify the promotion; too many people eg overlays, excessive levels of management trying to justify why they are employed and create a lot of extra work for AE's; takes away from selling and caring for the customers. Too much 'AE Enablement'...AE's are now Customer Success, Technical Support, Operations, Sales Engineers as instead of hiring resources, everyone wants to train AE's to do their job...not a good use of high paid employees and takes away from productivity and revenue driving activities. As AE's you are pretty much seen as a number and stat to 'stay in the box' without a lot of autonomy on how to spend your day. Lots of burnout if you get sucked into the monthly 'life or death' culture to meet quota or be ashamed."
428,Like any business it can hire some poor managers. It takes people in from rival businesses and whereas they often bring new and strong ideas on how Salesforce can develop they can also bring an old fashioned IT industry attitude of negative pressure and blame.
434,"More as a side-effect of a large and also fast-growing company, there might be some occasional (ad-hoc) bureaucracy in some activities. Furthermore, some temporary lack of integration (information/communication) with the Headquarters and major branches can also be felt, especially by new acquisitions or alliances."
444,"Office location can be bad for some people, since it is located in Sandyford. Management was really bad at that time, worst I´ve ever seen. They were micromanaging employees in a ridiculous way, I really hope things are changing now. There is no proper canteen. Work life balance was very bad too, support is an easy job and nearly stress free, they make it a nightmare. I wonder what would happen if these guys need to handle real projects. In summary, support shouldn´t be done the way Salesforce is doing it, they should take a peek at other companies. Also, no trips to the U.S. for support. Salesforce is an awesome company, but be careful when joining support in Dublin."
445,"Very very very few. Small signs of getting too big, slower decision making. In some cases too much committee management"
446,"- still poor HR-level (following former reviews) - to keep grows revenue rate high almost all markets are over hired - achieving almost impossible - getting a job in salesforce depends who receives your CV, you have good people in low level jobs and people after university degree in higher level jobs, it all depends where your CV is routed to - getting a promotion is very political, seems easier to get a job from outside the company instead an internal promotion"
451,"There’s no sensibility from the manager about the work that you do about responsibility and if you can do it, they just drop to you the job that you need to do, but if you can do it, as I did you get a lot experience."
453,"- India offices treated as offshore with menial work coming in - India support functions (hiring, operations, employee service etc) don't really understand situations the employees are in and are pretty insensitive. If you incur expenses, as a consequence of company request, not covered in the policy, come what may the India Employee Operations team would be against reimbursing them even if you have your Director or Vice President's approval - No Ohana feeling. Its just a word used for PR"
467,"Getting too big, politics, self promoters are taken too seriously."
475,"No information has been given beforehand that a certain amount of certifications had to be passed first, which comes as an utter surprise to everyone when they start and is adding a lot of pressure to an already stressful situation as a new hire. It was already suspicious that half of the team got rehired at the same time, but it turned out that this team had generally an extremely high turnover. The job itself was absolutely not challenging as it was merely an entry-level position, but immediately after joining we got told that there is a hiring freeze for the next months. It turned out that nobody for years had been given the chance to move to other teams. I got yelled at by the manager in the most unprofessional way and learned that this was normal there in this team. Well, it's not normal and absolutely not acceptable at all! I can only warn everyone to join who hopes this position could be a good start with Salesforce. It's a dead-end street! Any reports to HR end in an immediate procedure to cut the reporter off as a trouble maker. They won't even provide a reference or even a reference letter. Asked for my P45 frequently and received finally someone else's P60 in the end."
486,"These are more Heroku issues than Salesforce issues. We were (and still are) strapped for headcount over many years. This leads to serious team health issues and burnout. Exec is keenly aware of the issue and taking steps to fix it, but it should never have gotten this bad. At the moment, our product org is also sorely understaffed following turnover and departures, which means that many engineering teams don't have anyone to help them make sound product choices. We get by, but the product roles are critical, and the product managers we have are spread way too thin. As above, our exec team is aware of the problem and trying to hire as fast as they can. These are short- to medium-term issues. I believe they'll get worked out and we'll have smoother sailing in a few months. Longer term, my larger concern is complacency. I don't know if Heroku/Salesforce has the gumption to make the big bets to really grow our business and remain relevant for the next epoch. For the last decade we've made it drastically simpler to run compute workloads in the cloud, and it's built a large and successful business. With containerization catching on and tooling becoming more mature, we're being commoditized. I don't know that exec has the appetite to determine what the next ""git push heroku master"" is, and allocate enough resources to pursue it. That feels like an existential threat."
488,"People are people, and unfortunately not all people managers should be. That happens at all companies though."
496,"Being such a big company you typically only work on small portion of the bigger picture at a time, but this isn't necessarily a con. It's just the nature of being a large company."
499,"- Constant changes (whether to which team you're on, or your job description) - Promotion path is convuluted (interview, get approved, and they decide they want to close the position and then constantly will make you re-interview for the same position you were once approved for. Could be waiting 4 months+ after acceptance - Work hard, and only hard. Play doesn't really exist here. - Passive aggressive directors that will never tell you ""Good job"" when hitting 100% of your metrics, micro-focused - Culture isn't what it's cracked up to be (sadly). Backstabbing, and bullying tendencies from other team members - business makes the best decisions for the business completely not acknowledging the toll it puts on employees (ie. 35% YoY growth, which is great, but comes with a cost) - Work life balance in positions that come after BDR are apparently non-existent"
506,It is a big company with many people. Sometimes hard to find your way through massive amount of information and people around you.
524,Hard to manoeuvre internally for promotion across segments
525,Political + overly long training role
539,Burnout culture - high growth targets at any cost Claims to be customer-centric company but in many ways is not Aggressive sales culture. Under resourced on Customer success and employee engagement
546,- Brainwashed culture exists using Orwellian terminology like #dreamjob and Employee Success for HR - High school fist bumping mentality - Constant hypocrisy from the predominantly Caucasian management team who preach about diversity.
547,Support Management treating employees as slaves. They don't know how to treat employees There is No Work life Balance. As usual Lot of internal Politics There is no Transperancy at all
566,"Salesforce has ambitious growth plans, but needs to invest further in the resources needed to achieve the goals or risk having staff burn out."
579,I don't have anything bad to say in my experience with Salesforce
584,"Base salary is very low in comparison with others IT companys but totalcomp is agressive If you hit it, and thats why sfdc brazil is a mess, cause quota was not adjusted to HC numbers and market size, so it's impossible to hit it. All managers and CXOs do not have sfdc culture, so they thing salesforce is any other IT company and don't see all great people they have there."
588,"Awful culture. ""Build your brand"" is a sentence that is being thrown around constantly. It effectively means ""strategically suck up""."
589,- a little HQ centric - many decisions made in SFO that didn't really need to be - responsibilities change so frequently (as a result of rapid growth) that it is hard to master them before new ones are added
594,Fast pace does not allow a lot of downtime. Can be stressful. If you do not like change this company will not suit you.
599,Business geographic focus imbalance. Growth management weakness.
609,Everything from brainwashed departments meant to be a support line to constant tracking and monitoring. Big brother is watching you. No matter what nonsense they say about security. If you believe that you will believe anything they spew...
611,"Big company, so tend to lose the buzz or excitement that one gets from smaller start-ups. Can be a little political at times."
618,"Management out of touch, insane corporate culture, non-existent career development, major layoffs."
628,100% market saturation model for AE's meaning too many AE's across small number of real accounts. Result is 80% of high performing sales people miss their target/OTE. You'll be very lucky to be the 20% of people that actually make decent money here.
630,"Too much middle management, and false titles. Company vision and direction are constantly changing. Some promotions are caused by political reasons, rather than having the best candidate for the job selected."
635,Change is the only constant so we move so fast that sometimes work is redundant or not as well planned out as it should be for optimal effectiveness. Sometimes Political. Leadership is stale in the Customers for Life organization.
636,No more start up culture. Politics politics politics in upper management level. They don't know Cloud and CRM. What a shame...
638,Sales people treated as a disposable resource now. Too many sales people with unrealistic numbers for the market. Very few people hit their quota. They'll attract you with a big OTE but you won't make it. This place is now Oracle 2.0 - there are much better cooler companies ot work for now who treat sales people really well.
645,Too many sales reps squeezed into territory to keep up with 30%+ growth targets YOY
646,Too much speedy. Revenue driven culture so number is everything. when you assign bad territory it's so miserable to survive.
655,Not based in the same country than the Account Executives Difficult for alignment
661,"expensive product, territory shrinking, clawbacks"
664,"Starting to become a ""big company"" from a culture standpoint. It's always inevitable but I miss the startup feel that the company had when I joined."
668,"Unclear deliverables, lack of leadership, ""culture"" is a big thing but hard to define"
671,"highly political, some really bad managers go undetected"
674,"Being such a big company you typically only work on small portion of the bigger picture at a time, but this isn't necessarily a con. It's just the nature of being a large company."
677,"- Politics, politics, politics - Product set dated, especially around process management, analytics/decisioning, big data - Oracle clone - Plenty of little emperors in middle management positions with dillusions of grandeur - Average compensation - Overly reliant on inflated Sales Engineering organisation desperately working to shore up glaring gaps/deficiencies in an increasingly fragmented product set"
683,Oracle 2.0 Over inflated characters who spend most of their time preening their egos Vicious political infighting Revolving door management
686,"no management, no team spirit, no real strategy on sales patch and target distribution, carreer process for sales is all about network..."
688,way too much office policy; hiring or promotion is only Partner influence based; Director position have manager responsibilities; Partners are a mixture between manager and Director roles: too much INFLATION of titles
695,"Politics within the creative team are the worst I've seen anywhere and are getting worse over time. it's purely a leadership problem and the negativity comes from the top where there are a couple mean-spirited individuals who actively seek to undermine leaders from other teams, including people who are new to the company. This has been going on for a couple years and no one has done anything to address it. HR and executive leadership have turned a blind eye! Also, if you need to get anything done with the creative team, you'll be asked to support 1-5 new employees for their team, which costs more and delivers less than hiring an agency to help as needed. It's all about grabbing power there and it's ruining the culture, forcing great talent to leave, and short-changing real growth opportunities. Real growth could also be driven by a better go to market strategy. The go-to-market strategy is weak but made worse by the fact that the campaigns team isn't even led by a marketer or someone who knows how to run campaigns effectively."
696,One of the sad part was that our concerns which we use to highlight was never use to reach to our higher managers Favor-ism was one of the thing which I witnessed because of which other folks used to slog Job stability is a concern because due to there changes in the higher management they can ask you leave at anytime Also I felt that few people where not competent enough to be a part of the organization not sure how they got hired.
699,My role turned out to be very different from what was advertised or discussed during the interview process. Encountered a few other people this had happened to aswell.
704,"This company has serious pipeline issues, if they want to keep growing at 30%. They don't really care how this affects their employees. Quota is unattainable for most except a few ""favourite"" employees."
718,Too much speedy. Revenue driven culture so number is everything. when you assign bad territory it's so miserable to survive.
728,"Increasingly over-politicized activism. A significant number of customers, as well as employees of Salesforce, do not share Marc's, and by extension Bay area's, far-left vision of the world. Employees have to keep their mouths shut and opinions to themselves to avoid problems. This year's election put it out in front. Chatter (company's internal ""facebook"") was filled with support for Hillary. Had someone built Trump groups etc., Bay Area folks would have demanded their safe spaces. Personally, I'm not against the Marc's positions and I didn't vote for Trump, but I don't care for the way it impacts employees and some customers. I had a customer this year who refused to go to Dreamforce because of this issue...and that hurts my bottom line."
735,Can be political like any major company. Many senior leaders are primarily focused on the success of their own departments and themselves. Not as cooperative as some companies. Silos aren't necessarily considered a bad thing.
748,"Hard, challenging work (if you don't want to be challenged this could be considered a Con)"
759,"I cannot speak for everyone but don't believe the hype. They do have problems and they are brushed under the carpet. They still have ""ism"" issues, I say ""ism"" because if you're a millennial you love this company. When you grow up a little the novelty of ping pong tables and free food wears off. If you don't skip to the SF beat, you're gone and when I say skip to the beat I mean, use you're own initiative."
770,Very hard to hit Quota regardless of the salesperson
776,Can be political like any major company. Many senior leaders are primarily focused on the success of their own departments and themselves. Not as cooperative as some companies. Silos aren't necessarily considered a bad thing.
779,red tape. getting too big. the processes are heavy such that a lot of the sales reps feel numbed by the heavy processes. big acquisitions feeling like the next oracle
782,"Takes a while to find your footing. Certification process may be intimidating for some, takes a while to onboard."
793,"Having been around, none of the challenges at Salesforce seem insurmountable."
798,- high expectations - requires to be autonomous
799,"Can not think of any tons really. Based in San Francisco, so commute will be bad if you are traveling from s bay"
808,some teams are very archaic and hard to innovate. Soft and sometimes ineffective management
812,The downside of a growth company is a lack of clear process which can cause setbacks when trying to do your job well. You need to have a very flexible approach to working.
817,"Things change quickly. If you are change-averse, then it might not be for you."
826,"Too big, Too many chiefs not enough indians."
828,Too many layers in decision making leads to people doing things because one of the bosses asks for it rather than because it is the right thing to do.
832,"Not all executives embodies the values the company is known for. If you're not part of a 'click', then forget about being treated fairly. Rules only apply to the lower levels. Execs get passes."
852,Remote workers are unable to travel to meet teams
863,"Unrealistic quota goals. Every single month feels like it's end of quarter, and end of quarters feel like end of year. End of year is just insane. The pressure every single month is tough to deal with and especially in ESMB, quotas are just not realistic. Big deals tough to come by. You'd expect a sales role at Salesforce to have plenty of inbound leads or plenty of add on business for existing customers - really not the case. Ton of outbound, cold calling, hunting role (but in your limited account base of course). Be ready to have literally everything questioned and expected to tell your manager absolutely everything going on in any deal at all times. You'll be questioned on everything you do. The culture in the NYC office is nothing like the other offices. When there are events or happy hours, everyone is too busy or exhausted to even go. Very much a heads down and focus kind of atmosphere. Path to promotion is VERY political. Be prepared to play the game to move up."
865,"Political environment Lots of middle management Big enough company for weak performers to find a place to hide, undetected Hiring freezes Over titled and over leveled culture (perhaps for retention)"
869,politics are heavy and you'll find yourself in the sour end of the stick real quick if you don't play along. Ideas aren't welcome if you don't have seniority Red tape to get approvals for anything is strong Bad internal communication
873,The company's big and it's hard to know everything that's happening.
877,Not as nimble as smaller organisations.
890,"This is a sales company, not a tech company. No one is working on cutting edge research or sinking resources into developing novel systems. You are building CRM software."
894,Revolving door of reps. Account list is sparse. Pressure for revenue is monthly and not quarterly. average AE lifespan is 12mos or less. Management pressures internal recruiting to hire as they will never be at capacity in reps due to the constant turnover.
900,"Before the Salesforce acquisition, SteelBrick was growing at an explosive pace. Since the acquisition, explosive growth is an understatement. With that said, everybody is running at breakneck speed and I think that (as a team) we're a bit worn down. If you join SteelBrick, be prepared to be pulled in a million directions all at once. Work / life balance is out of sorts. Right now (8/22/16), the CORE Salesforce team doesn't have much education on Q2C or understanding of product fit. This means we're talking with a lot of customers that are poor fit or having to field angry calls about why we ""killed"" a poorly qualified opportunity. I don't foresee this problem going away any time soon since Q2C is the most complex product offering in Salesforce's portfolio. There are a limited amount of SteelBrick-certified partners (~50), but customers insist on working with partners that have no experience implementing Q2C applications. This means that their implementations are taking longer than they should. There's nothing we can do about this since it's ultimately the customer's choice, but it puts unnecessary burden on our team. Customers come back during their implementation asking for support, but what they really want is implementation guidance. There is a lot of process change happening right now. For current employees, it's been pretty frustrating. I don't know if this has any barring on new hires, but it does make it difficult to get straight answers since we're all new to these processes as well."
902,"Trying to transition to a different role from executive assistant is pretty impossible unless you know the right people. The process for internal candidates is less than desireable and the recruiters that manage EA's are not effective. They scoff at the idea of an EA moving into another role, unless of course you have a connect to move you out of the EA world."
903,There really aren't any downsides. All of my expectations leading up to the internship were exceeded.
905,Sometimes may feel chaotic and distracted.
908,Growing the army was such a concern they often hired the wrong types for management. I loved my peers but managers seemed under qualified.
913,Management can be sometimes very unprofessional Integrity issues Too snobbish. Consider themselves the GODS of SaaS. A little away from reality. Micro-management and Bureaucratic Growth opportunities have been on a decline lately
921,"Unrealistic Sales culture polluted by ex Oracle people, poor alliance model and poor internal prof services organization hurts implementation experience of customers"
923,"Interestingly, what most excited me about Salesforce is what I found most lacking. I found the environment very sexist, male-dominated, negative, and non-inclusive. There is virtually no trust and I feel completely accurate in stating there is no work-life balance. You are collateral damage in the way to achieving a monthly quota. I left a paranoid, shattered professional with emotional scars I would equate to abuse. I'm sure not all experiences are the same as mine. I was unfortunate to land where I did within the organization. I know there are many folks who flourish there."
925,"20,000+ employees are a lot of people, need to ensure we have all the right people on the boat."
933,"The growth has made Pardot lose that tight culture it once had. Previously, everyone would say ""hi"" to everyone and make a chance to learn everyone's names. Now, there's a ridiculous amount of people and cliques have formed. You can't really fault the company for this, that's on the employees. From an engineering perspective, Pardot is inherently stuck on this giant monolithic legacy code base. When you hire 5 new engineers each week, there are the same exact questions because no one can even google the answer given how old the majority of the tech stack is. There have been efforts to split this out into micro services but decisions are often made by engineering managers and tech leads who have been dispositioned into enterprise related solutions that are often dated for the modern web and just not fun to work with. You can't blame them too much for this, product managers are breathing down their necks constantly. More often than not, these early decisions aren't well thought out and lead to projects getting scrapped 6 months later or resulting in a significant re-design. Annoyingly too that is that Pardot has a concept of ""hack days"" to work on whatever you want. This used to be an engineering fun event and solutions that made a better coding experience would often win. Since the T&P (Technology and Product) lingo started evolving, the only thing that wins is something that can sell something."
951,"Technical infrastructure, technical challenges, less accountability"
955,Pressure to perform Stress Competitive Environment Big Company - Not startup Hard to change processes
956,"- Questionably bro-ey, but this could be true of Sales org in particular"
964,"There's a learning curve to trying to not become too corporate, but at the same time 19,000+ employees globally. Occasionally I feel that we are very top heavy management wise."
968,"While SF tries to maintain the Ohana culture, the reality is it's still a very large company. Hard to not feel like a ""number"". Also, while they provide a large amount of PTO (even unlimited for management), it's next to impossible to take even a day completely off. People are working constantly."
975,Too many new sales reps to support growth targets. Can be somewhat of a “feast or famine” scenario.
976,"Lack of process, planning is poor in some areas. Some people in management believe that we are still a startup, which can be limiting. Staffing is lean and staff are very, very busy!"
983,Senior levels involve a lot of politics.
991,"- FinSrv vertical is struggling. Big bang accounts are rare and easy lay up accounts are given to Oracle friends, boys click. - FinSrv Accounts pie is cut too many ways - Pay out is every 2+ years if that - Worst is the new Oracle culture. Mgmt is all about badging and silly stickers and certifications you need to get to be able to tell the customer story when they should be helping with relationships & focusing on the problems at hand - global AEs are just in title, they don't actually get paid on global revenue - so watch out for that when you review your comp. - Comp % is low from market but can be better if you are Oracle friends - Mgmt bullies into inflating pipeline and force commit deals every quarter"
996,"The constant change leads to disorganized teams, lack of trust and a unproductive environment. Teams seem hellbent on destroying other teams. Acquisitions are poorly managed."
998,"Technical debt is building up, and scaling has become difficult since the business is doing so well. Communication between departments is rough sometimes."
1007,"With 20k employees sometimes things get lost in the shuffle. My only con is, because we are growing so fast, its become almost impossible to keep the balance with the growth. So the ""go getter's"" like myself, and the ""self helpers"" do better than those that need a little hand holding. Come in, move fast, and it never slows down. This isn't a con for me, but for some it could pose an uncomfortable challenge."
1013,- Some politics - A little slow since the company size is large - Changes in products
1016,"the management stinks, lot's of 1-2 year managers that offer no value. It's all about metrics and pipeline generation, less that 20% will achieve their number, it's all about luck and nepotism. If you've made money in your career and want to continue making money, keep looking, most sales reps leave in >2 years. I hated working for Salesforce, too many ego's and you will spend way to much time on selling internally and appeasing others."
1017,Cant think of any cons of Salesforce
1019,Worst life / work balance situation imaginable - and Sr Management does not care Only one raise in last 4 years Everyone is afraid to tell management the truth - Sr Management is extremely vindictive HR Dept offers no help to current employees People in the field are second class citizens to people at HQ
1022,"Backstabbing, unnecessarily agressive culture; horribly inept middle management. Rapid hiring without adequate training have left many people working on unnecessary and unproductive projects"
1025,"cut throat and if you don't like sales, get out"
1026,Work life balance is tough to achieve at times. Unrealistic expectations on the market in regard to salaries
1028,Hiring and promotion decisions are at times perplexing. Senior leadership seems disconnected from the masses. The organization is getting big - HR needs to be more involved and influence more.
1045,"Management in recruiting is stale and needs change. The favoritism in recruiting is VERY apparent. Dating within the recruiting org causes favortism. The metrics given to a recruiter per quarter can be really tough, but what is worse is that they never end. And there does not seem to be any thought to looking at a recruiter's past performance. Not every quarter is going to be #1 and that shouldn't mean they need to be reviewed or shamed."
1052,"Upper management can sometimes become mismanaged, causing miscommunications down the line"
1066,Several years into my career at Salesforce and I can't think of one specific to my current role. Is that cheesy? Maybe. Is it honest? Absolutely.
1073,"-Catered lunches/dinners means it's easy to gain weight. -Since we are are still pretty young, the upper management is composed of mainly people who were here at the beginning. This means they can be a mixed bag in terms of actual competence/managerial ability."
1074,"Depending on your position, there can be a lot of mandatory training/certifications and not all of them are actually applicable to your everyday job. This isn't a big con, more of a minor annoyance that we all learn to live with."
1077,"San Francisco based culture and values (tend to ignore other cultures in other parts of world). Sole focus on margin and growth at all costs - buying companies faster than they can be incorporated into the company. If you are not in their Core business, you can be easily forgotten. Cliques by Millennials (as if it’s high school). Managers only care if you show up in a report for a negative metric, otherwise they have no interest in talking with you."
1079,"It's getting very political with the change of the guard to a more Oracle centric management team. Territories are thinly sliced and watered down unless you're in the good graces of your manager or the most senior person on your team, and if you're stuck with a bad one someone has to leave or get promoted for you to get a bigger slice. Work life balance is so/so...each manager determines if you can work from home with no real ""program"". Base salaries are below average in the industry."
1081,"Company is over-reliant on the heroic effort of its individuals in operations and development teams. There can be burn-out. Some departments struggle with too many people who want to manage or coordinate work, and not enough people to actually get it done. Unpredictable hiring freezes will often negatively impact a group's ability to scale."
1082,"Lots of internal politics, no surprise at any big company this isn't Salesforce specific it happens everywhere. Promos are about timing mainly."
1088,Maybe growing too fast. Dreamforce is a mess.
1098,Recruiting mngt and the company only care about hitting a hiring number. Example: the sales recruiting org made a Saturday and Sunday the start date for over 50 account execs at end of fiscal year and pre feb 1 (beginning of the fiscal year). Totally gaming the system and many cases of people “starting” at salesforce while still employed by other companies. The recruiting org used to be great. Strived for hitting an aggressive number but doing it the right way. Current practices sacrifice quality and frankly are not legal (double dipping on employment)
1099,Travel and irrational clients. Difficult to be heard when assigned to a project well underway.
1103,It's a 20 year old company which means it has some baggage associated with it. That can be good or bad depending on how you look at it. The bad part is some of the bureaucracy and barriers to getting things done. But really that's somewhat expected for a large company.
1104,"You can get cornered into boring work or dead-end roles If you don't get along with your manager, you should change teams Typical big corporation stuff, like risk aversion and re-orgs"
1143,- Ramping up requires a heavy load of new information starting up which can sometimes be explained in an inconsistent order
1144,"Career progress is often a jungle gym, not a ladder. You have to be okay with that if you work here."
1147,"- Very little technical innovation (large monolithic Java code bases, decades of technical debt) - The executive has little visibility over business units, leading some (see: Security) to have an absolutely atrocious, toxic culture - Performance evaluation is entirely opaque, no published process for progression, employee success (aka human resources) are extremely opaque - Company values are largely public fanfare, not enacted internally (see above re: HR) - Don't have diverse political opinions if you want to work here (lean hard to the left)"
1148,"Some growing pains but they recognize and act upon it quickly, rather than blaming employees Employees work hard here, yet management emphasizes wellness to avoid burnout"
1174,"Uber policial on social issues, but only when the Salesforce machine can generate free press and market share awareness. The company as a whole discriminates against older employees, in favor of millennials. Ignored the social issue going on at the border, due to having larger contracts with the federal government."
1176,"Due to lots of acquisitions, the company has been tightening travel restrictions. If you work remote or in a satellite office, you'll get few opportunities to meet with your team face to face. It can be quite isolating. If you work on infrastructure (syseng/neteng), this can be a pretty frustrating place to work. Innovation is always encouraged, but security policies, politics, and business relationships end up driving what we can ultimately deliver."
1180,If your not on Core/Running the account strategy then your an overlay sales person for one of the recently acquired applications. 1) You can't control your own number 2) Your management runs you buy a spreadsheet
1183,"Do what you can to not work in the Salt Lake City office. They're a newly acquired (2017) company and still stuck in the 'small company' mindset. Work/Life Balance won't be possible, in my opinion, at newly acquired companies without a backbone as they will try to appease upper management they've never met by asking their teams to complete impossible tasks."
1184,Bureaucratic. Some teams are not really up to the task which in turn results in bad quality of product ofcourse. Big mouth wins talent many times unfortunately.
1201,territory roulette can have very negative impact on earnings
1215,"No real downsides, asides from certain logistical shortfalls that are common among larger, older tech firms. But this really only applies to working on the core Salesforce platform. There are numerous acquisitions and fringe projects that are not subject to this lack of agility, and Salesforce gives you the option to shop for opportunities elsewhere in the company."
1216,"*Sharp learning curve, you sink or swim *With each acquisition, workload increased while team did not grow at the same rate *Work life balance was very difficult, you are expected to be on all the time *Inexperienced middle management *When something went wrong, little or no management support"
1220,"seems like a ton of separation from executive team and lowly peons like myself. You almost just do what you're told, not really opportunities to develop your own strategies or ideas."
1234,Sometimes the promotions are questionable. The process is 100% questionable - but this is a big initiative from our CMO - to offer more visibility into this.
1239,"On the lower end of wages for top companies in the bay area. Middle management seems to be chosen by expediency (timing, willingness) rather than talent in some cases. Company's falling down point is in middle management and lack of rep training. Many new acquisitions and products that reps aren't trained to sell."
1245,- Growing pains - Overly sales-driven
1250,"So far, no cons seem to arise, other than the fact that the fast paced environment seems ripe for burning out if not careful."
1257,- Very corporate environment - This can lead to a lot of 'office politics' which could be viewed as either a pro or con - Less than competitive compensation
1269,"That said the compensation is a quagmire of BS. First you can already expect an OTE significantly less than what is the norm in the industry. Worse still is the 40 acts of vaudeville to figure out if you will get paid, if you get paid and what amount they base it on. We are out there saying use Salesforce as your system of record and every month my Xactly has little similarity to my sales in Salesforce. Come on, guys. Let's not be hypocrites! Then when you think it can get no worse there is a virtual rubics cube of ways you lose ACV or see $ clawed back. You have to be an accountant to figure out if you can sell to an account and retire quota. It's ridiculous how many times, in a short time I have not gotten the full value of my sale due to some arbitrary attrition I was not even aware of as a co-prime. Do you want me to sell or do you want me to audit the accounts to see if I can retire quota with a sale?"
1275,"- Have encountered ""too many cooks in the kitchen"" phenomenon, sometimes leaving things difficult to get done efficiently and effectively. - (Similar to other tech companies) Autonomy-focused culture makes for difficulty in making decisions because everyone's opinion must be heard (and accepted) - Still determining whether there's really the opportunity to suggest something different and prompt change. They say it is, but I have seen an actual tendency to stay within a ""safe"" box. Still TBD."
1278,It can be difficult to understand the nature of specific roles until you are into conversations with hiring managers.
1290,"Uber policial on social issues, but only when the Salesforce machine can generate free press and market share awareness. The company as a whole discriminates against older employees, in favor of millennials. Ignored the social issue going on at the border, due to having larger contracts with the federal government."
1297,"It's hard not to be overwhelmed in the first couple of weeks, but all the pieces start to connect, just keep moving..."
1317,So much beaucracy that its choking
1319,Must drink the daily punch which is ok but sometimes too much!
1326,There is a political bent to executive leadership that can rub some employees the wrong way.
1327,"All of the discussion about Equality is all marketing. There are so many situations where there is discrimination and now because of all of the news, placing people in places causing now other discrimination."
1347,No cons except Covid freeze impacting promotions
1359,Not Applicable... Not Applicable !
1371,no cons to share at this stage
1373,Internal politics can get frustrating
1384,There are some internal politics on promoting
1391,A lot of politicking. Too much patting on the back.
1392,It is a bit political at times and the communication during the recruitment process was very poor.
1399,"micromanagement, lot of pressure, no leadership"
1409,bad decision making management. Can do better with inclusion
1411,High targets which not many people exceed
1412,High salary with high risk
1424,There are some internal politics on promoting
1432,As of now nothing to mention.
1437,"Growing too fast, making it harder to communicate or get info Some roles can be demanding"
1442,No major concerns in general
1447,Nothing negative in this company.
1452,"Hard to say, several management questionable"
1457,Inflated titles without actual roles Old tech
1464,Inflated titles without actual roles Old tech
1467,"Too much sales oriented, no company culture, frequent internal org change"
1474,nothing really jumps to my mind
1477,OTE Sales targets are unrealistic
1484,Nothing negative to say about Salesforce
1527,Too much politics. Instead is move fast and breaking things it is move slow and still break things
1531,Didn't face any problem so no con i could think of.
1532,Pressure to move fast vs do things right
1535,"Lack of direction from senior managers, they keep adding new members without having a solid plan on how they want to run the business."
1545,Big organization means its hard to find the right person to talk to sometimes
1557,Partner is bad cannot work with them
1577,aggressive in growth plans and targets
1578,Didn't face any problem so no con i could think of.
1580,Moves too slow Technology is old
1599,"To many sales reps for the same opp, no real strategy to fulfill quotas."
1604,The only con is if you get a bad manager.
1605,Do not have any cons as new to role
1608,Struggled to find answers to questions that ventured away from procedures
1613,1) stock refreshers may not be there
1622,Too much noise on different comms channels and remote onboarding is cumbersome.
1632,"become very political and hierarchical , hard to move around the org, people and need to manage up for career growth, promotion process is horrible - centered around gossip from ICs and managers making it not transparent - shame to see as it has only really developed in the last 2 years"
1639,Can't think of anything else without role
1646,Nothing is bad in this company
1662,Mandating vaccinations for offices even when the government is not forcing them to. Base wage is well below market but this is compensated with benefits.
1664,Big lack of humility from the top to the bottom
1677,High sales target for sellers
1679,High sales target for sellers
1684,"No fun culture due to pandemic, no travel, minimal events/ meet ups. Targets are tough to hit. Very stressful. Target does not change during quiet months (E.g. Christmas)"
1690,"Very high targets and expectations, sometimes unreasonable"
1700,- Small Business Segment has a lot of Bad Data - extremely difficult to sell lower market - unrealistic sales targets - territories not divided up fairly
1704,Getting more and more difficult to make big money. Territories are very small. A few AEs feast but famine for many.
1713,"Very high targets and expectations, sometimes unreasonable"
1715,Can be political at times
1733,- Small Business Segment has a lot of Bad Data - extremely difficult to sell lower market - unrealistic sales targets - territories not divided up fairly
1734,Too fast to grow and level of people hired could be lower
1739,"Salary is not competitive enough anymore. Sometimes, the layoff is too sudden. Constantly change company strategy. And hard to promote to higher position."
1740,"A lot of changes, people come people go"
1748,There are no cons no
1778,- nothing bad about this company
1779,No no no no no
1781,Internal politics can make life difficult
1782,Partner is bad cannot work with them
1792,Tough to hit targets High self starting needed
1799,"There are many changes in sales positions, and some members disappear immediately after joining dozens of people every month. Depending on the department or boss, business contact may come in day or night. You should be prepared for the situation to be quite difficult for about half a year or a year after joining the company."
1802,Tough to hit targets High self starting needed
1804,Moves too slow Technology is old
1805,"No support from HR, managers etc they ask you for feedback that they know you can’t be 100% honest about and then blame you for not telling them once you burn out They don’t listen to the surveys we take about our managers or the company Employees are just numbers and ACV. “You are here to learn” fail once and see what happens Hypocritical behavior from people who wish to empower you, in the end they only talk the talk. Fake political positions, the CEO earns 20m a year, if he was concerned about the earth, poverty etc he would spare some for others. (Many other examples) Women are always preferred to management director positions solely because they are women and not based on their competences Team spirit is inexistant, people won’t hesitate to shame you to their manager and steal deals off you. Toxic environment"
1818,"- Ohana culture is non existence. It's more like a jungle. The strongest will survive. - Damn political, very number-driven, and cut-throat culture in the sales department. - Everyone is trying to protect themself instead of working as a team. - High turnover, and everyone is burned out. - Bullying and intimidation are exist in inter-department by few high-performing employees. Management should be aware of repeat cases/ escalation but show minimal effort to address the situation."
1827,Do not see any such cons till now.
1857,very less or nothing to mention
1886,Can not think of anything bad
1895,"Lacks organizational identity, can be ethically challenged"
1897,"Definitely a cutthroat environment, but you could probably say the same thing for any publicly traded company. Just something you need to be aware of going into it."
1900,No bad things to say overall
1905,things can get a bit political when it comes to promotions
1908,"As the company has gotten bigger, roles have become more narrow. I had looked to move into another role for a while, but, as a director level, there weren't a lot of opportunities - Salesforce is hiring more and more junior people to fill roles. My position was eliminated and replaced by an analyst level person straight out of college. Many other higher level ( read- older, long-term employees) folks were part of the same layoff in 2020. You will have many different managers while you are there - I had 13 in 8 1/2 years. So, if you have a bad one, wait - they will move into something else. The bad part of this is its hard to make a mark when you constantly have to re-prove yourself. The company used to give raises every year - even just a cost of living raise. This stopped around 2017 or so. So negotiate your upfront salary well."
1913,- political and bureaucratic - success is very luck-dependent
1917,Working at a large company there are of course certain protocols and guidelines that have to be followed which can make it difficult to change processes/implement something new.
1919,"Navigating the organization can be tricky, onboarding is subjective. IMO there's a lot of unnecessary information thrown at a new hire that doesn't matriculate to support an individual role and becomes overly complicated and time-consuming."
1923,"Attempting to change from one cloud to another is next to impossible. Internal recruitment at the time did a 90% ghosting and the usual excuses of being ""overworked"" when it really was apparent that they had no interest in helping someone make a lateral move within the company to another cloud."
1931,"Upper management are sales people and they try to manage the technical teams like sales, doesn't work well."
1937,- micro management - unhealthy work environment - much of what's touted about a great work environment does not funnel down to sites away from HQ - mid-level mgmt creates a toxic culture that is very stressful & unhealthy
1939,"- Training is terrible. They throw you into the territory and don't even cover products since ""you don't need to know what they are"". - Zero work/life balance. You'll get mental health days but that's after you've been working 9 hours a day and don't even get to log overtime for it. If you want space, you have to set it and hold to it. - Less than 30% of reps hit their quota and making money is more about lucky timing with SPIFFs than it is skill."
1946,"There are reviews here with 0 cons which I find hard to believe for a 60K employee company. They jam public surveys down our throats to get the image of the ""Best place to work."" Seems like HR is rushing to drown out poor reviews.... Salesforce is an okay place with some very, very toxic people. I've met one of the worst human beings of my life here, and with how the world is in 2021, that's saying a lot. First-line leaders are more often bad than good. Back office draws territories randomly every year, and leaders have very little say, so it's the luck of the draw. Under 20% of reps hit quota and meet their OTE for a company already underpaying due to their name. You need to hit quota to get paid a reasonable amount which only happens once maybe twice a year if you're lucky. Managers won't acknowledge that you have a bad territory and have the same expectations as the leading rep. Leading rep makes 3 to 4 times the amount of everyone else and is put on a pedestal but everyone including themselves knows it's the opportunity given. Accounts change every year, so prospecting is demotivating, knowing the work you do will go to someone else. Essentially an order taker with not enough orders to hit quota. Very saturated market. Inundated with pointless nonrevenue generating admin work/meetings. Inundated is an understatement. The majority of the information logged within the CRM is fake due to the pressure to meet all of the initiatives and stay off the naughty list. Leading to inaccurate reporting which leads to increased expectations. You will be drowning, gasping for air as your first-line leaders stand on your shoulders with their heads out of the water... for the most part. If you can tread water for 2+ years, you will get the Salesforce stamp of approval on your resume to find a better, higher-paying job. 2-3 year turnover is drastic. HARD WORK DOES NOT GET YOU AHEAD. Your mental health and wellbeing will deteriorate. Please do your research and reach out to folks working there to get their opinions."
1953,No down sides as such. Cant think of any. One could be no stock refreshers
1956,"As with any large company, bureaucracy can become an issue."
1957,Territories have become so small that it's hard to hit quota consistently throughout the year.
1958,Stock rewards are not quite up to competitors. Multiple acquisitions make stock prices rocky and unpredictable. Criticisms are relatively minor compared to other places I've worked.
1960,"1. Being a female over 40 is dangerous unless you are deemed traditionally attractive and in a submissive role. Despite all the lip service to “equality” the idea of it within the workplace culture is selective an applies only to those who cow and obey the party line. 2. Salesforce puts the CULT in CULTure. There’s an underlying expectation that Salesforce should fulfill every part of your being. From spiritual, “join this mumbo jumbo mindfulness session lead by some trendy junk shaman” to the political that seems to only represent one side of an issue. 3."
1963,"Sales and marketing definitely run the show and engineers are at the bottom of everything. This issues hits budgets, prioritization, morale, and recruiting. Engineers should just get use to being 2nd class citizens."
1973,Serious lack of leadership in the org that I work in. It's as though no one knows our value and what we should be doing. Long stretches of boredom punctuated by intermittent moments of sheer terror trying to fight fires or make ridiculous deadlines.
1982,"Not customer focused. Timelines to get deals done, constantly changing the contacts clients would work with, terrible inter office communication leadership at the VP and RVP level is really just other sales people looking to make quota and not lead anything."
1991,Can be under a lot of stress at times if you work in marketing
1995,Can be super stressful and demanding place to be at. Management can be a bit wishy washy at times and micromanage. Very easy to get lost in this large of a companyt
1998,"If you want to get hoodwinked into a company that prides itself on employees first and good values, then have at it. After making other companies pledge to not lay off anyone during the pandemic, they proceeded to lay off thousands of employees 3 months (one quarter) into the shutdowns. Oh wait, the pledge the CEO said was “no Covid related layoffs………. For 90 days”. Everyone here is addicted to “building their brand” as best they can, as if their lives in this company are all about building a vain social media account that “looks” good to everyone else."
2007,"Toxic culture for smaller teams, perfectionism is valued, senior leadership is unreliable, no work/life balance, HR is biased towards long-term employees"
2022,Only 2/10 people hit their number
2030,-You can get paid more elsewhere (think start up) -Micromanaged to some degree -Internal marketing is too much at times
2035,"It's a big organization and it's very easy to get lost You have got to do extra-credit to become noticed (ERG leadership roles, work around the clock, raise your hand for extra work, etc.) You have got to own your career without a shout of doubt; no one is responsible for your success but you. This might not necessarily be a con but I think my growth has been a bit more facilitated by past managers in previous jobs than here."
2039,Feels like sometimes people need to market themselves internally to leadership vs. doing the real work
2057,Executive management has been a revolving door for the past 4 years. COVID was the first 'disruption' that the company has ever seen and it showed. Immature mgmt (meaning they had not seen adversity in the market/economy before) so they did not know how to best steer.
2058,"- Narcissistic CEO - everything is about him and his ego, full of yes men around him - Political minefield - lots of virtue signaling but watch what people do, not what they say - Old, 25 year old technology with a ""lipstick on a pig"" marketing. - The solution to every problem is more slides, more marketing and branding and no real effort is done to tackle real issues - Zero innovation. Every single decent feature is acquired. The company has spend $50B to acquire $3B in recurring revenue, should tell you something - Organizational mess - every few days they will acquire someone and the whole organization will be spun upside down with some new message from Marc - Most narcis"
2061,Any place can say they don't have politics but there are politics like any other place. They at least push to remove them
2063,Product moves slowly. Management is extremely hit or miss.
2065,- Not many entry level job openings - No clear definitions for what qualifies people for the leveling of jobs - Not enough opportunities for entry level-people to transition into associate/ specialist level roles within some organizations
2068,"No any cons, pay could be higher for the value this team provides"
2069,Re-orgs amidst a chaotic year
2074,Not allowing us to work fully remote after pandemic
2075,"Culture, ironically enough. Big egos, lots of horrible people, racism/sexism, etc."
2082,Lot of politics. Lot of confusion. Nothing straightforward. Lot of running around and processes.
2087,Hard to get knowledge on End to End functionality
2088,"if you're in sales, its all about your manager and their support. If you have a bad manager, there is no chance of success despite how you have done in the past there. Also, if your manager has been there for many years, there is almost zero chance that they are going to fire a bad manager even if you discuss issues with HR. You are basically one of a number. They do not care how you did in the past"
2096,NOT OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE MEGA MONEY
2098,A recent increase in metrics seems unsustainable
2099,"- ""Big Business"" hiring and promotion policies may limit your growth potential (you can't skip pay grades while working at SFDC) - In order to affect change, you either need to be in the right role or have resources that are in those roles who are accountable to you. For example, if you have been asked to implement a system improvement, it's going to take months or years because of all the interplay between departments. - I found myself doing a lot of ticket filing so someone else could do work that I could do myself, simply because that's the way the systems and access levels were set up."
2106,"Too big, little clarity from leadership, politicking and red tape"
2121,"Your Account Executives control your destiny. I came in as an outside hire for the first 4 months in the role my Account Executives had no time for me to learn about their accounts, what their goals were and wouldn't let me into their key accounts to help set meetings. This affects my KPI's and was expected to perform with little to no direction. It's radio silent in my 1:1s and was asked to come up with points of view into their new logo accounts. They don't utilize their BDRs correctly and believe were supposed to research all of their new logo accounts and come in with a step by step plan. How am I supposed to do this with no knowledge or direction on any of the products or goals? I've been told by other reps that you have to internally sell you AE's on why things should be opportunities. It's very gamey and if you don't know how to play it...you're in for a rough ride."
2124,"Sometimes chaotic, expected technical debt"
2133,Dream job is an utopia. Laid off with other 1k or 2k people after 5 years of honored service. Don’t think SF will be on your side. Don’t believe the ohana culture. Only marketing scam.
2140,"Stressful, unthankful and the wrong people getting promoted"
2149,"During my time here, I've witnessed countless examples of discrimination and inappropriate comments from management, specifically my manager. This behavior is accepted. Salesforce is not a company that welcomes open, honest dialogue and feedback. If you disagree with management in any way, expect retaliation. There are people in management positions who have no business being there. When you have questionable leadership, it causes many issues and problems that go unnoticed. In my case, I was subjected to report to someone who lacks the basic qualities a good manager must have: empathy, understanding, active listening, patience, strong communication, transparency, and loyalty to your team. Don't expect any of those qualities in many of the managers at Salesforce. The managers here continue to ""kick down and kiss up"" to get to where they are today. My manager lacked maturity, basic professionalism, and self-awareness . He has said some derogatory things about women, made incredibly inappropriate comments on team calls, and speaks to some of the females on his team in such a brash, disrespectful manner. It did not help that the person he reported to, the next manager in the line of management, was inherently cold and disconnected. I have never seen such self-serving managers in my professional career. The recruiting managers and leaders will never have your back. Example: If a candidate feels as though he/she should have gotten a job they interviewed for and chooses to retaliate against the recruiter ( example: write a bad Glassdoor review and name you), recruiting leadership will reach to place blame on the recruiter. Bad Glassdoor review = bad for the brand and the ""brand"" is #1 priority at Salesforce. EVERYTHING that is done at this company is done as an effort to strengthen their brand. It's all for show. All they care about is being perceived as ""a company that cares"" with an ""Ohana"" culture, when in reality, it is all about optics and concealing an incredibly abusive, toxic culture. Be prepared to also have a manager that takes credit for your success. You did well because they ""set you up for it"" and ""coached you."" (During my entire time there, I have never learned anything valuable from my first line manager - with the exception of what kind of manager I will not be one day) Recruiting here is a factory. It's all about pumping out hires quarter after quarter and hitting an arbitrary hiring number at any expense, even if you have to bend the rules a bit. Example: having people have start dates when they're still employed at their current employer, pressuring sales candidates to start immediately without giving a notice period to their current employers and using manipulative tactics like saying ""If they really want this job, they will make it happen""...etc. Salesforce hires most - if not all - recruiters on contract first. They reassure you that the contract thing is just a Salesforce formality and should you be a perform well, you will be converted in a year or less. I saw first-hand a couple of very high-performing recruiters get let go simply because they refused to play the ridiculous political game that is expected of you. Recruiting here is a rat race and lacks any nuance or creativity. As a recruiter, you do not have a voice or opinion. You are a sheep in the herd following the leaders. The ""leaders"" only care about branding, how the company is perceived, and how they themselves look to their leaders. They care very little about the actual recruiters doing the work. Recruiters are at the very bottom of the totem pole. If you hint at any disscontempt with your role, team, manager, company - you will be shunned. I can't speak for all of the recruiting teams and the entire company, but this is my honest feedback about Sales Recruiting at Salesforce. I wanted to provide honest feedback to future candidates who are considering leaving full-time roles for this often unpleasant role. If you choose to, use this as a resume booster if you're trying to break into the tech industry and then get out. Understand that the behavior you will witness there and the treatment you will likely receive is not okay. This is not how respectable companies operate. There are so many better opportunities at other SaaS companies where you will be treated with dignity and respect."
2157,Work/life balance sadly out of whack. Some management resort to more stick than carrot to get short term bump in performance. Sometimes asked to sacrifice long term relationship with customer in exchange for small short term revenue.
2159,For the sake of choosing a con... maybe simplify the commission structure?
2162,"The company has gotten very large, and it's hard to find your place in it sometimes, or effect meaningful systemic change."
2171,"The promotion process is hard to understand and you are only allowed to apply to a role internally that is lateral, despite years of experience. So, if you start at a low level just to ""get your foot in the door,"" it will be very difficult to move up significantly."
2175,The only con is there is a ton to learn.
2182,Fixed mindsets of some jeopardize innovation potential
2185,"Agressive growth targets, don't pay well"
2189,"There is an awful lot to learn when you start, and the organization can seem a bit duplicative and takes a bit of time to sort out, but by six months in, it starts to make sense. (This isn't a con, really, just advice for newbies.)"
2196,"Your experience here will completely depend on your direct manager and reporting line - and that's a very mixed bag of people. There is a lot of ego at play in some leaders and a total lack of EQ/empathy - be sure to interview your manager through the hiring process. There is nothing as demotivating as a sales manager who doesn't have basic leadership skills or self awareness. They have over hired Account Executives as they believe that this will drive limitless growth in the region. Result being that everyone has territories that are too small to give them a reasonable chance at succeeding. Attainment is poor even from those who have been with the business a number of years and have been successful in their previous roles. This DOESN'T stop huge amounts of pressure being placed on each individual to hit pipe gen and sales targets (even during COVID). Very few people have hit their quota or anywhere near it in the last few years. 5-7 years ago this probably would have been a great place to work but it has changed considerably since then. People don't trust the anonymous feedback surveys so the business doesn't understand the huge amount of grumbling that is happening behind the scenes. AEs are unhappy and many are looking elsewhere. But management also does its best to make you fearful about leaving in order to keep you in place to avoid more turnover. They made most of their customer success group redundant last year. Aside from COVID, there seems to be a major aversion to letting people work from home which to me highlights that there is a lack of trust in their people. Some management speak down to their team like they are children. Very few female leaders in the sales team - not sure the organisation is honestly asking themselves why this is? People talk the talk about diversity because it's a SFDC value but that's not necessarily how they really think or execute. I don't even think most of them are capable of thinking outside their own experience."
2200,a lot of M&A causes confusion
2201,"- Impossibly high quotas with low commissions - very difficult to succeed in an extremely competitive and cut throat environment - work depends on your manager, if he/she is difficult or uptight your daily job will be hard - zero work from home flexibility - tends to feel like you’re just a number - the recruiter will most likely over hype the role and be very aggressive with you - Overworked and not rewarded I was so excited to work for salesforce and honestly am more than disappointed. Took a huge step back financially to come here (as they convince you you have to do) for the results in the long run. We are treated like part of a call center. I would not recommend this job to a friend or colleague."
2212,Management not good & promotion relating thing not happen
2217,"Lost its way. Culture has deteriorated and become progressively more toxic. Become a ""crony club"", same people continue to be promoted. Behind the smoke and mirrors, there are lots of product issues, career planning is non-exsistent, former Oracle leaders continue to foster a toxic culture. Marc B is too busy with other priorities and his celebrity lifestyle, that he is disconnected with what is happening on the ground with the culture and customers. This year's planning and re-organization were short-sighted and poorly executed. Executives very focused on short term results and lacking in long term strategic focus. It is a house of cards financially and constant fiscal engineering to prop up the numbers for the street. Sales and marketing lack any fiscal restraint-- spend money like drunken sailors. There are no responsible adults minding the store."
2239,"Very misguided interview process. This is an internship, they did not disclose that to me in the interview process. I moved from California to Atlanta for this ""full-time"" role but that's not the case at all. Do not be moved by the ""Ohana Culture"""
2242,"Be aware of illegal, unethical hiring practices - after the interview process, I was offered the job. Was immediately pressured into ""signing by EOD"" and to resign from my current role - despite getting the offer at 6 PM. After reviewing the contract; I noticed major discrepancies in the verbal vs. written offer in salary/PTO. I called to ask for clarification and the offer was immediately pulled - less than 48 hours after it was extended -- as a direct consequence of ""asking questions"". Bizarre, appalling, and entirely illegal (pressuring a candidate to sign under duress, breach of contract, etc) and unethical practice. Be prepared with a good lawyer if you want to work here. FYI- went through 4 rounds of interviews- initial screening with HR, then hiring manager, a panel interview team, then a case study."
2243,Lack of communication Recruiters are like high paid BDR’s Lots of unnecessary check the box requirements Standards are different for some
2252,"Quotas are very high, only about 20% achieve"
2265,- Not aggressive - Does not provide competitive stock compensation
2270,Management will lie to you
2274,People will backstab you without a question. Re Org Constantly and no choice of where you work or who your boss is. They preach Ohana and family..but if I had family that treated me like this I would not consider them family. You have 0 input unless your suck up or sr mgmt. Your opinion will not matter no matter what. SCRUM LOL - they don't even know what the word is or even Agile for that matter. It's so stupid
2285,Internal politics can work against you.
2286,Lots of ego in upper management. Dreamforce can be hard for some folks.
2292,"It does not pay to have integrity at this company. You'll do well if you can smile and say ""everything is fine"" while the building you're in is actively burning to the ground. I was sent on multiple interviews for a position within the company in a department that I wanted to transfer to before being told they would not actually hire me and were just sending me on the interviews for reasons completely unknown to me. To be clear, there was a hiring freeze already in place and they STILL wanted me to interview more with no actual plan to hire/transfer me. The ""Family First"" policy is garbage. They said this motto about a million times when I worked there. When I needed it so I could care for my family member (My fiancee needed major back surgery), I was told this would not be a problem, was later told this was a major problem and she wasn't family, and then, after we got married, no one checked to see what I said about us being married was true. To be clear, Salesforce wanted to tell me who could be my family but then didn't care if it was actually true in the end. I could have lied and had the wedding we actually wanted and had been planning, instead of rushing to get married at the courthouse so I could get the leave and she could get the surgery on schedule. There doesn't seem to be a strong decision-making process. I was sent on retreats I didn't need to go on to hang out with people I never saw or communicated with while I needed to be at home to handle important matters. I was told this trip was imperative and I couldn't miss it. When I got there, no one knew what the trip was for and it turned out to just be drinking and games and a pep rally or two. A complete waste of valuable time."
2297,There is a feeding frenzy amongst a ever-increasing number of ex-Oracle middle managers clawing their way up the ladder. The employees are pawns and there is no consideration for the client impact.
2304,The company is a marketing machine with slight of hand and bait and switch mentality. The Ohana is evangelized internally and externally - but internally it is completely dysfunctional.
2313,"Recruiting at Salesforce is all about favoritism and politics. Promotions are political and unfair. Leadership has been telling their people that they are working on a fair and unbiased promotion process for years, but there is no proof that any work has been done. Management can often make employees feel like they are replaceable. I hate to break it to them, but smart/talented recruiters do not find Salesforce Recruiting a compelling enough organization to work for. If leadership wants to retain people, they need to have productive conversations around succession planning and salary increases. Salesforce Recruiters and Sourcers severely underpaid. Recruiting leadership preaches about how Salesforce is ahead of the game with URM (under-represented minorities) recruiting. In reality, it is nothing but a numbers game for them. The more hires they make, the better they look in front of Marc Benioff. They've been so fixated on increasing the numbers, that they've completely forgotten the meaning/importance of having a diverse workplace. How about we change the narrative from ""we need to hit our URM numbers every quarter,"" to ""lets think about the importance of cognitive diversity and thought."""
2339,"management, bureaucracy, hypocritical in Ethics/values messaging compared to overall reality"
2340,Its easy to get sucked in and have work/life balance be an issue
2349,"Good place to work, but too socially political. Sales org is a meat grinder."
2357,"No cons really, but maybe building a tower in Hawaii wouldn't THAT bad of an idea ;)"
2359,"If someone is hesitant to change and prefers a predictable 9-5 schedule, Salesforce may not be the best fit."
2364,Only con I would say if you are being hired from outside the organization you typically come in a level below your current role which actually turns into a benefit because people that make a lateral move often struggle and take 2x to ramp.
2366,- Very high growth expectations that are not easy to achieve or blow out from a sales perspective. - Many reps on the sales team calling into the account
2377,"Another tech giant trying to spread the company culture kool aid but doesn’t recognize or address terrible leaders and managers or self appointed “lead EAs”. Very toxic, backstabbing politics going on amongst executive assistants which creates an entire group of disgruntled, distrustful, and power hungry EAs and makes most EAs carry a bad reputation at Salesforce. Execs and managers who have EAs: some of them need serious management training and learn how to treat everyone under them fairly. This was by far some of the worst treatment I’ve ever seen from an exec who had an EA. Micromanaging, having other people spy on the EA and report back to him about the EA's whereabouts and movement.. The EA was treated like a prisoner. Also, there are some EAs who support C-level people and they act as if they are the exec's themselves. They wield their execs' status for their own power and control over others. It's ridiculous and I don't know if the execs who have EAs even know that their EAs are doing this. I hated working with any execs who had EAs. It was always a massive hinderance to my work progress. I don't understand Salesforce and the EA culture.. some are really great EAs but some are terrible and unfortunately they are the EAs at the top.. usually supporting SVP and up. I wouldn’t buy into their culturally appropriated “OHANA” and other Hawaiian sayings. It’s all a facade."
2382,If you do not have consultative sales experience it may not be a fit.
2385,red tape. getting too big. the processes are heavy such that a lot of the sales reps feel numbed by the heavy processes. big acquisitions feeling like the next oracle
2393,"As company grows it is slowly moving to typical large corporation where meetings take over results, hiring can be done based on ""we need to hire anyone not to loose quota)"
2406,it is competitive and people who actually do work are not valued people who know how to BS and talk a lot get promoted fast CMO does not trust directs and does not care to get to know people in marketing overwork its people for no reason
2409,Landscape is constantly changing. Lack of process. Not as meritocratic as other start-up type companies. Transforming into large company mentality where bureaucracy slows down innovation.
2413,"The Hillsboro office culture is completely different disconnected from the culture at headquarters. Tech Support is a dead-end. They lure in new employees and recent college grads with ""career development"" talk, time to study and get other certifications, job shadowing, etc. You quickly learn none of that will ever happen. Getting a tech support job in Hillsboro will NOT help you get another job in a different department or location -- it can only hinder you, if anything. They're also constantly pressuring employees into working overtime because they're understaffed, but don't want to hire. The pay doesn't match the pressure and stress. The fancy office and the fluff doesn't make up for all of this, even though they hope it does."
2424,Management can be sometimes very unprofessional Integrity issues Too snobbish. Consider themselves the GODS of SaaS. A little away from reality. Micro-management and Bureaucratic Growth opportunities have been on a decline lately
2425,Falling behind others in terms of tech stack; lot of homegrown solutions that can't be taken elsewhere
2431,"The ATS is a bit hard to train on, but once you get it it's not a problem. I've never really liked an ATS anywhere though!"
2432,"Others have said it and I wholeheartedly agree. This was the worst professional experience of my career. Learned a lot about how truly horrible a company can treat their employees. Really hard to get a job here unless you know someone and I did--what I didn't know was how much I was lied to with the promise of making a living. The only people who are happy here are the young kids who are striving to achieve success early on in their careers and those who have been at the company for years who are favored and given the good patches to actually make their goal. Such an insidious culture with back stabbing, soul less individuals that starts with the top management and continues through middle management. They are the worst. The Junior VPs who have been there for years, so made it early on but they are worse than the Executive VPs because they really have no talent and have no clue how to manage good people. Turnover rate is ridiculous and the actual number of people who make their goal is so incredibly low. The cube culture ensures that your cold calling (which is mostly what it has become) is heard by your boss so he, and the tenured people around you, can berate you for not moving the deal along. And don't even think about working from home--get there at 7am or you are looked at as a loser for not being committed to the cause. Selfish, manic, loud, seductive people do well here for a while or at least until they slip up and end up with the Dakota patch. Or quit because they can not take it anymore. Drunken culture too which is encouraged by the annual Christmas party which costs millions--it's lavish and luxe--and shameful and gluttonous. I had 3 friends quit for the exact same reasons I did and we look back at the experience unfortunately in the nightmares that still occur for the ""month's end"" because we are not closing squat."
2436,"constant reorganization. many joke that they are on their 5th manager in 1 year extremely unprofessional, angry leaders. it's not uncommon to see people ""torn apart"" in meetings. it's not uncommon to see highly inebriated leaders at offsites - slurred speech, difficulty standing, speaking openly about other employees they manage to their peers. there is extremely high turnover, so when you find a great peer group, often the ones you like the most will probably leave. promotions are all about building perception -- not about what you really do."
2445,"The tech can seem a bit fragmented in such a large organization, and there is sometimes an overemphasis on product marketing."
2461,"Things have changed now since 2 years or so.. lots of bureaucracy, heir achy politics at grass root level.. no more an innovative and open kind of culture, its turning more into legacy kind of companies. If you think you can thrive in such an environment this is the place !"
2463,"People management is very bad... There is massive title inflation. 0-1 year of experience managing people marks most directors, and even many senior directors. There is a serious problem of cronyism in many departments. VPs promote who they want, when they want irrespective of team feedback or even despite what are believed to be established policies. VP-level leadership exhibits schizophrenic decision making, CYA behaviors and abrasive comportment. This makes for highly stressful working environments and is a key cause of the well-known burnout at Salesforce. Many leaders at Salesforce have never done a job this big before which can lend to insecurity and erratic or absent decision making. Reorganizations are painfully frequent which also promotes insecurity & stress."
2464,Quotas are unattainable. They are peanut butter spread with complete disregard as to what the opportunity is in the territory. The culture is not corporate at all-if you expect management to behave like adults then you need to look elsewhere. It is getting to be more like Oracle every day. No one cares about the customer or the employee.
2468,Territories are shrinking. Moving up doesn't guarantee higher OTE. Not a lot of flexibility around working from home
2478,Not as attractive as other options down in the Valley...just a sign of changing times. Getting bloated. Ego among the senior ranks.
2480,"lots of food is wasted, management style is not good. Too much micro-management, it seems like they do not trust their staff. No career path defined."
2481,"Technical debt is building up, and scaling has become difficult since the business is doing so well. Communication between departments is rough sometimes."
2484,Travel and irrational clients. Difficult to be heard when assigned to a project well underway.
2496,All Levels: Company is getting bigger - not as big as SAP or Oracle - but no longer a 'startup'. At Executive Level: The old-timers who have been around for 5-10 years and 'acquired execs' run the show. Very difficult for anyone else to rise up the ranks. Not enough space.
2497,too many changes in policies due to re-orgs.
2504,"Leadership can be scattered, causing delays in making things happen"
2512,In a support position it is difficult to get out. The management do not seem to be interested in helping their subordinates grow professionally.
2513,"It's a company for sales people who sell to sales people. While it's not cut throat, it does require a level of social agility to be successful."
2514,"The company grew too fast. Large amount of tech debt, hard to implement change in the environment, management lacks knowledge of the complex infrastructure and product. Everything in the IT and Operations teams ends up as a fire drill with no strategic direction to resolve the underlying causes."
2515,Growth at such a quick and rampant rate can cause for a lot of employee shifting from job to job. That sometimes can cause concern or confusion for the end clients.
2518,"Stale systems, low stock compensation, finance role can be slow moving and lacking in innovation. Interview process is often rushed"
2528,"we outgrew our own infrastructure, so many cracks 4 years ago are now gaping holes. Competing against B2C culture when we are B2B."
2529,Issues that do come up don't get pushed high enough in the organization to make a difference. IT organization is a mess and needs a complete overall from the top down.
2530,Salesforce is now a well-oiled machine. Rules of engagement make it nearly impossible to do your job and most territories/patches have been saturated. They are also now putting more AE's in territory.
2533,Sometimes overtime is very pushy. Management is not very clear. Different people might lead you at same time.
2537,Hard to find anything wrong in Salesforce.
2539,"beware being perceived as ""too radical"" (trying to innovate here) in your proposals to management. it will limit your career incredibly fast."
2544,"Top heavy, upper management not in sync with what is happening on the ground, too many re-orgs."
2555,In a support position it is difficult to get out. The management do not seem to be interested in helping their subordinates grow professionally.
2571,Not as attractive as other options down in the Valley...just a sign of changing times. Getting bloated. Ego among the senior ranks.
2572,As the company continues to grow the territories become smaller making it tougher to compete against large market areas.
2576,* Can be Confusing during initial phases as there is no job clarity..Its not only me but a frequent complain I hear . * Job travel is expected irrespective of roles.
2577,"The same people keep getting promoted - ""visionary"" salesmen - not the people who actually do the work. Projects are only 60% completed before the groupthink in ""leadership"" decide to move on to the next shiny thing. Sales are always first priority and take up about 90% of the attention. Clients, employees, technology, have to clamour for the remainder. No Signing Bonus Annual/Quarterly Bonuses are nominal until you are at least director level - and there's no path to promotions."
2581,"Some orgs have lethargic decision making processes in some teams. If we don't innovate fast enough, competition or disruption will catch us."
2585,"SFDC is growing by leaps and bounds, this has created a situation where tons of business processes are needed and nonexistant. Normally this wouldnt be an issue but the response to need has become ""you cant do that"" instead of ""how can we get this done"". Compensation below average (total package is pretty good though)"
2589,Growing pains is an understatement. High stress - low satisfaction. Poor decisions leading to a lot of impact to people's job roles.
2599,Not clear on career progression. Politics
2605,"Mediocre pay, politics, easy to get lost in the shuffle"
2606,Many middling people coasting by. No stock. A lot of political positioning for such a small organization on titles and rank were distracting and sometimes demoralizing.
2611,"Inflated titles and absent support staff leads to many ""managers"" and ""directors"" who are purely individual contributers. All managers and directors have individual contributor duties. For people managers, headcount are constantly changing--just because you have a team of 6 this year doesn't prevent half of them from being taken away next year. Management structures change multiple times per year, and even change above the CIO. The internal systems are falling apart and leaders all the way up are much more focused on politics and image. They completely neglect anything objectively meaningful or helpful. The environment has gotten so toxic in the last couple years that leaders semi-openly talk about trying to get out of here. The CIO doesn't lead the organization at all, and everyone goes to either the ""chief of staff"" or the head of the PMO instead. The chief of staff is not qualified / competent to run a single department, let alone being a de facto head of IT. IT is forced to pay for all related costs out of the IT G&A budget with no charge-backs. This inflates our budget and hides that we're actually significantly underfunded, especially considering the technical debt. (we've almost figured out wifi in the last year, but we still need wired hubs in the conference rooms) Much worse than the state of IT is the state of Finance. Every month we're asked to change behavior because something in accounting /finance changed, or something was miscoded or reclassified and no one knew until after the books closed. People and processes change so often that there is no chance of hitting your budget honestly, or even understanding where it came from. We are told that it's worse to be under budget than overbought, because if we're under in any quarter, we potentially lose that budget going forward. You can imagine the consequences of that policy. The financial systems are a joke. We don't know how to support finance and consequently, they can't support us. What we report is massaged by accounting manually in Excel to a degree that we cannot effectively speak to our own numbers. As a result everyone involved is frustrated, failing, and looking for an out. No one in leadership is willing to acknowledge the fundamental problems as the culture requires us to be ever-positve in public and to ""just make it work"", then report success. I believe this is because (1) CEO is a salesman first, leader second, and doesn't want to hear it, and (2) because everyone up the chain would rather claim success and move to a different company, than stay and actually try to fix anything."
2616,"As a salesperson, you are accountable for everything. Billing department is of no use, service department is of no use. You really have to work hard to ensure things go smoothly."
2621,"Being in the Marketing Cloud in particular, there were many acquisitions and a terrible, negative culture. Now that ExactTarget has become a part of the Marketing Cloud, its a fight for control between Salesforce and ET. Not a fun place to be right now with all the changes and job security is a joke. Many ExactTarget employees and managers that came over from the acquisition are totally unprepared for their positions. Everyone there got promotions and I'd have to say the majority are completely unqualified. I don't see things turning out well."
2622,"it's a really lame culture, and you're definitely a cog in a machine. you will never be anything of importance, and if you're coming from a company where you were formerly working close to upper management or inter-departmentally, WATCH OUT...that won't be happening here."
2625,"Org'n structures change often. Sometimes, internal initiatives are not designed sufficiently before executing, leading to frustration and unclear goals/objectives."
2626,"Few people making the water murky. Due to selfishness some people tend step on others feet, which I am pretty sure every company has it. Higher management doesn't seem to notice it very often"
2633,"Only Product jobs are in Indy. Comp is only great if you live in the Midwest, if you're hired to work in a remote office be prepared to work with clients of similar skills sets that will make a lot more than you. Benefits are not equal per locale, some offices get parking, food, gyms, subway passes, etc. Simply because that's the bare min to acquire people in that locale, too bad for you if you don't live there. PTO is really poor compared to our parent company SalesForce Benefits are not up to par with our parent company SalesForce, try to find ET benefits and then find SF benefits. You'll notice ET's benefits are impossible to find and SF brags about theirs. That should be your sign. If you're assigned to SOW in Services or Support, there is little to no incentive to move you into something challenging. Most changes are done because of attrition as the organization are pretty flat outside of product. Salary bands don't exist, or if they do they are very lax. It's common someone on your team negotiated really hard and someone just took a college entry job. HR still doesn't have a classification for all skill sets in the field. SaaS margins puts a huge amount of pressure within Support/Services orgs, teams are currently being forced to find ways to offshore aspect of their work to India."
2638,"Huge quotas, small territories. % of people hitting their quota. New management from Oracle is changing the culture in a not so positive way."
2645,"Very fast paced, no time to step back and think on what went wrong, ""just do it"" attitude"
2650,Nothing bad to say about the company
2651,"There are a lot of processes in these roles that could be consolidated company-wide (or at least department-wide), that are not, which often times results in duplicate work or straying from the norm. Those processes need to be standardized. Sometimes it is hard to feel like a dialogue flows between colleagues, which is expected in an all remote environment, but a challenge nonetheless. The same goes for culture building, but efforts are being made, and I expect this to be more of a result of Remote work, and not the team/department. Processes often are overly complicated and should be assessed to whether or not they add value or could be simplified."
2654,"Centralized, hard to change from the bottom"
2657,Things move quickly around here. Get comfortable being uncomfortable isn't just a phrase. It's real. I've been here 6 months and I am still learning. People who have been here for 6 years say the same thing.
2666,Haven’t experienced any negatives thus far
2670,"It's a very big company. At times things are slow, bureaucratic, and inefficient, but that comes with the territory. Internal mobility is possible, but not as easy as it should."
2671,"Besides the corporate politics you'll have to deal with and that you'll be paid significantly less than the market rate. The company has become the very thing they said they wouldn't become, they're a huge corporation now and the people outside of the top 10% of officers are only numbers to management. Don't believe in the headlines or your recruiter, at Salesforce you're nothing more than a number."
2679,"-Communications across sales teams....chatter can be a blackhole, Slack may help -Growth targets not realistic in some market segments & enterprise accounts, Customer-Centric focus giving way to close business at all cost"
2682,Technical culture is struggling to stay current. Change comes slow at most big companies but this is the slowest I've seen. Technical culture is very conservative. Fear of making a mistake paralyzes teams from taking action.
2683,"Disorganized, Marketing Heavy Approach to Everything, Middle Management, Lack of Promotional Track"
2701,"Not applicable, Not applicable,Not applicable,"
2709,Limited opportunity and too politically correct
2719,"too big, internal politics, slow growth"
2720,"Many are coasting, lots of ""established"" egos to deal with, easy to get stuck"
2729,"Large, slow, traditional, typical, predictable"
2731,"Some issues seem to persist unnecessarily, intent is there, execution sometimes will miss"
2740,"struggle to make decisions, change directions too frequently, do not take care of basic issues."
2745,"Layoffs were done terribly. Terrible communication and rationale, seemed very much rushed for no reason whatsoever. Executive rationale was abysmal and affected employees were shown the door and not treated with dignity or respect"
2765,Constantly changing priorities means a lot of unfinished business
2771,elevated job titles but not the salaries
2772,"There is an awful lot to learn when you start, and the organization can seem a bit duplicative and takes a bit of time to sort out, but by six months in, it starts to make sense. (This isn't a con, really, just advice for newbies.)"
2776,"tough and aggressive quotas, a lot of politics in management"
2793,Too many people and when there are that many people there are bound to be some jerks.
2795,Many leaders in their positions simply because of tenure. Very unclear what actually matters to company any more. Extremely political. So many cooks in the kitchen on everything that things get sloppy and it's incredibly hard to move fast.
2797,Lots of tools to use and it is difficult to know what to use and when to use them
2801,same sales demands not adjusted per pandemic
2818,Can be tough to move up in such a large company.
2827,Turning into a large organization too quickly
2829,"Politics, Gossips, a lot of gossips"
2832,Huge Growth bringing complexity and inefficiency
2834,Mid level red tape like having to get considerable sign offs on code.
2844,Need to be able to work in a large corporate structure and balance bringing in the right resources to your role while minimizing any corporate requirements
2854,"Layoffs were done terribly. Terrible communication and rationale, seemed very much rushed for no reason whatsoever. Executive rationale was abysmal and affected employees were shown the door and not treated with dignity or respect"
2870,It's a large corporation so you have to be comfortable not being completely in control of the direction of your team or business unit.
2873,"Be mindful of Sales and Services perspectives. As a PA, you are there to serve client, not necessarily sell stuff so you'll need to walk a fine line not to over sell and disappoint the account team."
2874,"- The biggest shock to me: how bad lower-level management is. Idk where these people came from but they are micromanaging, unrealistic, unhelpful, insulting...like the list really goes on. Maybe my expectations were too high coming to this amazing company but there needs to be more training for leaders. - Promotion process is terrible, you're expected to ""network"" to find any answers to anything and it ends up being a huge waste of time more often than not. And don't even think about leaving the sales org. Managers don't help and People across the company look down on BDRs. Also, the pay compared to other places is not good at all. $50K base in seat and after you promote to the next step. OTE increases in next role but not base salary no matter what you promo into. - High metrics, low commission - Like any other sales role, you are made to feel as though you are only as good as your numbers - The metrics are INSANE. Everyone knows people are just BS'ing their way through bc the metrics are so unrealistic - Work-life balance is horrible if you're actually trying to do your job the legit way and its high stress all the time despite whatever is going on in the world - Snobby AEs that are selfish but no one cares if you're hitting your number"
2881,"Hard to get buy-off from external teams for process improvements. Too much dependency on V2MOM process - not willing to change priorities when emergent issues occur. Some issues with ""always online"" remote work - hard to decouple and relax"
2899,Nothing that would make you think twice about signing up.
2904,Too many sales people and ever diminishing territories. Lower than average basic salary and huge competition for management roles within sales. High attrition of AE's with new new hires from outside poorly supported with a high failure rate.
2909,- Some managers say trust is no.1 priority but they don't seem to trust the employees - Some managers don't encourage OOM and trouble the employees who try to move to other teams through OOM - Manager's are hardly technical and fear getting technically challenging work to Hyderabad center - Some managers favoring selected employees and providing them with favors. Managers hiring their relatives in their hierarchy which should not be allowed.
2910,"Mid management showing the classic signs of maturing IT companies. Ethnic managerial cliques that only hire subordinates from their culture. Lack of rigor or attention to proper processes and procedures. Overselling internal developments and projects to upper management solely to obtain promotions. ""Don't care"" attitude and lack of transparency. ""We'll fix it in phase 2"" attitude to badly-planned projects. Phase 2 never happens though."
2913,The problems of growing quickly
2914,Nope fraud from my side as we need to find it’s in ourselves first
2919,"If you're not someone that likes a go go go environment, this is not the place for you. Numbers don't lie, and you are tracked on everything."
2920,"Management or lack of Management. Misunderstanding in selling solutions - so many solutions when faced with a customer can become confusing to the customer what exactly they are speaking to SF.com about. Is it a CRM, Marketing Platform, Lead gen, Web Personalisation, Ad platform, Services?? I feel the AE's are sometimes spread to thin with so much to offer."
2924,"work life balance is difficult to achieve. getting too big, bureaucracy and politics is growing"
2925,- Brainwashed culture exists using Orwellian terminology like #dreamjob and Employee Success for HR - High school fist bumping mentality - Constant hypocrisy from the predominantly Caucasian management team who preach about diversity.
2936,You can't forget that it's still a business that needs to make money
2937,-Sometimes can get stuck waiting for headcount for promotions leading some to switch to external and then jump back in at a higher role -At times may need to battle internal politics
2940,"I cannot really count anything here. Maybe expect a bit of a hectic rampup if you are a laid back fellow, since only the best are expected and if you're not willing to keep up, be prepared to be left behind, but only after multiple attempts to rescue you!"
2946,Some IT positions seem fairly silo'd compared to other places (but moving into different roles seems easy enough to keep your skills/knowledge up to date)
2951,Quotas are steep and products are ever-changing so you need to be on top of your game. You will definitely get managed out if you aren't pulling your weight.
2952,"-Lots of middle management are poor at their jobs -Not enough mentoring or knowledge within middle management -Full of politics -Some really shady practices in middle management with managing subordinates, 'mentoring', etc"
2957,"I cannot really count anything here. Maybe expect a bit of a hectic rampup if you are a laid back fellow, since only the best are expected and if you're not willing to keep up, be prepared to be left behind, but only after multiple attempts to rescue you!"
2968,"False promises ""Fake"" culture Highschool mentalities Inexperienced-management Politics-lot of sucking up to mgmt Everyone's brain washed ""#dreamjob"""
3008,"numerous interviews, but i personally do not consider it as a minus"
3013,"This company has serious pipeline issues, if they want to keep growing at 30%. They don't really care how this affects their employees. Quota is unattainable for most except a few ""favourite"" employees."
3027,"I would not recommend anyone to work here!! Dont be fooled by the money and ""1 place to work"" Horrible culture, Great OTE waived at you but its (totally un-achievable) , People leaving everyday, such a unstable workplace.."
3028,"- Completely focuses on sales, nothing else. All that matters to them is hitting quarterly numbers. - High Churn of people due to lack of training, management and high pressured cooker demanding instant results. - Poor leadership in place - often people who have done well put into management positions with no exp or people skills. - Zero career development and growth. - No culture - you will just be another number. - Many people unresponsive and hiding. - Very political and packed with egos. - management seem to ignore and look down on more junior employees as beneath them. - Poor communication to employees."
3030,"Hired too many AE's. Made territories smaller and, as a result, less than a third of the AE's make their numbers."
3032,"Shrinking patches make it harder to earn in some segments, its very much an american company with monthly targets , quarterly etc. Sometimes a bit over the top American vibe"
3040,"- In some cases management has little interest in the careers of those below them - There doesn't seem to be much interest in hiring less experienced people (including co-ops) - Acquisitions need to be integrated in a faster manner, and don't let them think they will keep their own branding and processes for long - Because the company is so huge, you tend not to know what is going on in the rest of the organization"
3050,"Salesforce put a lot of Pressure on the account executives, territories are schrinking dramaticaly, not many AE achieve their quotas."
3051,"Politics, politics, politics. Pay increases ok but only if you started on the right amount. Tend to hire young, on a low salary and pretty soon falls way behind market value. Career paths for marketing non existent. Limited progression options. Top down approach. Hard to make a real impact from the bottom up. Need to wait for somebody senior to have the same idea or claim yours as their own. Hq driven. EMEA afterthought at best."
3063,"The company is at something of a crossroads, wedded to some of the disadvantages of its start-up mentality: thinking can be short-term, with decisions accordingly myopic, and there is too great a value placed on the diving-catch. Too many fire-drills and a small number of capricious senior leaders who have been around for 10 - 15 years behaving in the same way. It is tiresome, disruptive and frankly counter-cultural but their tenure appears to make them untouchable."
3070,If you're not in San Francisco as an engineer or product manager you are far away from decisions and other options within the company.
3072,"** Only meant for Dublin office * Don't mistake it for real Salesforce Almost negligible engineering presence. Very little to share and learn for engineering and software development. All kind of games being played as small number of staff wants to push into management. There's a huge hierarchy and it may be good on a global scale. But doesn't quite makes sense to have that in Dublin office. Some people are stuck in monotonous work and see move to management their only way out and act in poor spirit. If you are looking for good work and team, don't bother. Join a startup instead. Current state of Dublin office is worse than that. If it wasn't for larger organisation holding it to a structure, the place had been much more chaotic"
3093,"Big company, so tend to lose the buzz or excitement that one gets from smaller start-ups. Can be a little political at times."
3094,As with many US based firms many of the mangers I had were based in the US. Most have zero idea on life in EMEA both business and culturally as they never got on a plane and been bothered to come here. This made them some of the most ignorant and useless people managers I have had the misfortune to work for and sadly nothing the UK management team could change or influence. If you join one of the companies which SFDC has taken over then good luck. It can take years for systems to join up and merged and this can lead to a huge duplication of effort and time. I did see some people make some good money here but lots running around chasing completely unattainable sales targets year after year. They seemed caught up in the hype rather than making money. Despite telling everyone that there are lots of career opportunities in the UK I did not see many at all. Again your career will be down to knowing the chosen three of four people within the business who can help you to get there. It seems like a long and tiresome process. Many of the management have come from the same background and company and this management style does show sadly. A few but not all where rude and unaaproachable despite constantly telling the company of their open door policy. Mark B is a charasmiatic leader and I wonder who would fill his large shoes once he departs.
3095,Where do I start . The only management in the Dublin office is a disgrace to salesforce and PARDOT. horrible person who rules with fear and causes more problems for everybody in PARDOT. But is protected from higher management. Over the last 2 years 70% of PARDOT employees quit and yet the company and management do nothing .
3096,Way to many execs in territories and greedy obsession with growth now means only 20% of highly talented execs make their targets. Territories are simply too small and the constant pressure isn't helping.
3098,Where to start.. The management alone is shocking. No leaders at all. Idea of leading a team is trying to trip then up and bully tactics. Egos come to play and there is allot of clicks in this business. If you not in the click you won't get promoted. What I really mean is if you don't do as they say and jump when they want.... You won't go anywhere. It's a real shame as the company based in the US where there is culture and values is not the same in the Dublin office. Management are doing you no justice as several people won't even apply for jobs as the word on the street in Dublin is there is one manager now promoted to a higher position who no one wants to work FOR. What happened to working with a company to succeed. But seems she is also untouchable as her click is supporting her. Real shame as in Dublin word spreads. Dublin office and managers in there are too far from the real culture of the company and the US Aren't getting the real story.
3100,Please hire professionals not foolish un professionals.who just don't have courage to speak up with other centres.Full of unprofessional Muslims as of now.
3103,should no give up some markets
3104,"Salesforce is a selling machine, in managing a sales team you work within specified parameters and having an influence on strategy isn't really an option. You're there to execute only."
3106,- Hard to find a meeting room - Not allowed to use training budget for conferences or workshops
3120,"Political, which is a given with the growth; middle management do not receive training in managing people and are often on power trips (likely based on insecurity); territories are far from equal and the company will double up territories for those they want to promote to make them look good and justify the promotion; too many people eg overlays, excessive levels of management trying to justify why they are employed and create a lot of extra work for AE's; takes away from selling and caring for the customers. Too much 'AE Enablement'...AE's are now Customer Success, Technical Support, Operations, Sales Engineers as instead of hiring resources, everyone wants to train AE's to do their job...not a good use of high paid employees and takes away from productivity and revenue driving activities. As AE's you are pretty much seen as a number and stat to 'stay in the box' without a lot of autonomy on how to spend your day. Lots of burnout if you get sucked into the monthly 'life or death' culture to meet quota or be ashamed."
3125,"A lot of inequality in how territories are broken out Management is generally good but there are people who have been promoted into management roles because of tenure, not because they're actually good managers"
3133,"small territories. High targets. The ""godfather"" style in management."
3151,"Tough sales targets, sometimes high pressure"
3187,"1. From top to bottom 95% of employee in Hyderabad are Telgu. In the team meeting , desk every where they talk in Telgu. No one follow office etiquette and makes the culture toxic. 2. If you are a non-telgu employee your life will be hell here. They will assign more work to you and during appraisal telgu employee will get more hike % , stocks, promotion everything and a non-telgu guy have to listen blame and bad feedback. They will sideline you in all aspect. 3. You can't raise your concern to the HR or ethics department because there also telgu management and at the end they will prove that you are wrong. 4. Managers and Recruiters will highly exploit the employee Referral program . They will only refer and hire there known person to add more Telgu person in the team. No transparency in hiring and stopping the right talent to come in. I am not targeting or blaming Telgu people here but it is the people who are making the culture more Toxic here. Non-telgu will be minority highly exploited community here."
3191,Some mid-level sales manager do not possess industry experience. Therefore can't provide guidance to employees
3192,"High pressure, weak onboarding and training"
3193,"1. Some teams work is very boring, no growth at all. 2.Stock is given for first 4 years only, stock refreshers are not given to below PMTS role which is why people leave the company after 4 years. 3.Some product managers spoil the culture but nothing to do with the company culture."
3199,poor progression and some internal politics
3203,A hellish place to work for those who did not want to work. Many people had mental problems due to lack of recognition and hard work.
3204,They do not practise what they preach
3206,Poor mid-level leadership cannibalising great leadership from above
3207,"Some teams have too much hierarchy, getting leadership positions are hard"
3209,"Bad sales pressures, stupid focus on participation and not on the customer, unrealistic targets"
3210,Management Discrepancy between values and reality Level of reporting Unattainable quotas
3215,Pressure cooker Too focused on monthly number
3217,"• large & bureaucratic - next to impossible to get anything done • clunky & outdated technology - makes getting things done miserable and reinforces a culture of non accountability • they think they are great - when you get this big, you can lose your humility - believing your own hype will soon leave you lagging as a competitive employer • gross appropriation of Hawaiian culture"
3230,Unattainable targets Toxic management Bullying No team work
3242,"Grown very quickly over the last few years, perhaps unsustainable."
3249,Companies policies are outdated should review
3272,"Culture can be toxic, especially in sales."
3277,CSG has lot of work pressure Lack of training with high csat expectation Unqualified managers Engineering team is rude and won’t support you properly Senior management will harass you if you get any escalation from customer Indian employees are not treated equally Layoffs. In pandemic they laid off engineers though company was seeing great profits. Google for more information
3283,you are not a decision maker as in small startup
3285,Toxic culture Incompetent leadership Disdain for customers More bureaucratic than the Soviet Union Politicised Unrealistic sales targets
3293,Can be competitive but that isn't a bad thing
3298,Nothing to say against Salesforce
3317,Nothing to say against Salesforce
3321,"Loads of information to digest, can sometimes be a little overwhelming."
3327,Toxic positivity Frequent leadership turnover Corporate mumbo jumbo
3331,Very chaotic. A lot of noise. Poorly defined processes and RACIs. They seem to have normalised this chaos. Very inefficient. May be good for someone starting their career. Challenging for someone who has worked in more efficient organisations. Over hire - senior people doing very admin heavy roles.
3333,Achievable but hard targets to reach - having regard to the inbound lead flow.
3337,- 1 promotion in 2 years in BDR EMEA team (open preference for external candidates) - Toxic positivity from management - Mass exodus following discussion of pay inequity
3341,"My manager was weak. Her leader often bullied. Employee reviews and investigations determined that. Rather than dealing with the root cause, leadership focused on eliminating the complaints rather than addressing sub - standard leadership. This resulted in needless attrition of highly talented people."
3350,"Siloed areas that report to headquarters don't allow for ideal local collaboration. Internal support areas such as Finanças , Procurement , Legal , Payroll SUCK !"
3362,Unattainable targets Toxic management Bullying No team work
3364,"BDR role is similar to an outbound call centre with little liberties, targets are rigid; for example small business BDRs have similar targets to enterprise BDRs, if you receive a new territory or a bad territory you're out of luck if you cant make the targets"
3367,"This dump hole has lately been practising a highly unethical and toxic culture of late-night events and parties hosted by D***** Manthri (I guess that’s the only time left with the employees since there is no work-life balance :-D) where female staff (including married women) are expected to stay back till late night 2 to 3 PM , and denying to do so would directly factor in impeding their career growth thereafter. Also, they are NOT EVEN PROVIDED A CAB RIDE TO HOME with a security personnel - a practice which is followed even by smaller companies where women leave late at night from the office. This is a clear indication of denigration. Please stay away from such US-based firms, especially Salesforce, Bangalore"
3370,Sometimes to much pressure and could be a little bit toxic
3374,Too much legacy code. Monolithic infrastructure make is too harder to adapt. Perforce and their build infrastructure is a pain. Less growth opportunities. Little technical growth.
3377,continual change - it is a lot to manage long term
3380,"Start up inside Salesforce - Huge workloads - Whitespace Role very few customers in UKI- CEO of your own business a line used by hiring manager during interview - No support for AEs - Toxic Culture from top down. Revolving door. Not a secure job. Teams are understaffed and badly managed, No marketing support - expectations are AEs will create and advertise own events. Very few resellers signed up in public sector space making it impossible to answer tenders."
3387,"Rampant bullying and aggressive toxic behaviour in sales that's never called to account if numbers are being made, even if reported. Ineffectual managers who are far more concerned for saving face and managing their ""brands"". A terrible product strategy reliant on trying to cobble together disperate solutions that don't work together. Marketing superseeds actual product engineering and delivery. Good luck trying to move internally. Don't believe the marketing around culture and the great place to work results! Talk to any former employee to get the truth."
3390,Middle Mangers are not aware of what they want
3399,Due to growth of the company the start up culture is dying
3401,There are no downsides to working at Salesforce
3402,- Politics and bureaucratic hurdles that a typical large organization would face
3406,Sometimes decisions are made for internal political reasons rather than doing what's best for the entire company.
3413,"Inequality regarding promotions, too big"
3434,Growth might be slow. Very large organisation also means customers might feel smaller companies can pay more attention to them
3436,Growing pains and process gaps abound with an increasingly wide footprint.
3443,Too many people to coordinate activities.
3452,"For a Work From Anywhere message, having no flexibility in your own department without reason is not aligning to overall message."
3460,"You're just a number Sell everything you can, even if the customer doesn't need it Customer Success is just an industry term as SF, but no real meaning behind it Political and social beliefs are paramount - if you don't fall in line then don't bother"
3462,"hierarchal, no clear upward growth"
3467,You have to leave and come back for a reasonable OTE comp plan.
3477,"Your Account Executives control your destiny. I came in as an outside hire for the first 4 months in the role my Account Executives had no time for me to learn about their accounts, what their goals were and wouldn't let me into their key accounts to help set meetings. This affects my KPI's and was expected to perform with little to no direction. It's radio silent in my 1:1s and was asked to come up with points of view into their new logo accounts. They don't utilize their BDRs correctly and believe were supposed to research all of their new logo accounts and come in with a step by step plan. How am I supposed to do this with no knowledge or direction on any of the products or goals? I've been told by other reps that you have to internally sell you AE's on why things should be opportunities. It's very gamey and if you don't know how to play it...you're in for a rough ride."
3478,"Definitely can feel pressure at times to overwork - Not overtly from leadership, but there is a hustle mentality"
3490,"The promotion system is broken. Period. Only promoting 1-3% of your workforce every 6 months is a broken process and gives over-perfoming employees two options if they don't get promoted that round - wait and see, or move into a new role within the company at the higher title. Or, the route I took, leave the company. I understand putting a cap on the amount of promotions each team can have, but it can cause teammates to have to wait YEARS for a promotion they should have just been given. And finally, ""Ohana"" is BS in my opinion when it comes to those in leadership. Those not in leadership totally embody that spirit, but the amount of politics, backstabbing and egotistical leaders in this company is unacceptable. When you disagree with someone who doesn't understand your job but is in a leadership role, you are punished, get duties you enjoy doing taken away from you, and told to make things better without any guidance on what is actually broken. Salary is also way under in comparison to other companies. Salesforce used to be at the top of salary ranges, and have unfortunately not kept up with the times. Every year the employee survey continually highlights these issues, and now with some of the top employees in the company moving on to greener pastures, I really hope they tackle these problems. It starts from the top."
3505,politics jungle may be technically stagnant
3517,Pressure to spin every campaign into a positive Culture is to do right by executives rather than the customer Very resistant to outside the box ideas
3538,"I am not going to sugar coat it, onboarding and finding your sea legs once you have your territory, in a remote environment is REALLY TOUGH. You will feel lost at times, and wonder how you are going to hit any quota. There are so many resources available for anything you are trying to do that it can seem overwhelming; the phrase everyone repeats when you start is ""its like drinking from a firehose"", which I brushed off initially, because what job worth doing is easy to get started in? but they mean it, and you should believe it. SOOO much info is pumped into your brain when you start, it seems nearly impossible to grasp everything. The comp plan is wildly complicated, so you really have to take the time to understand how you make money so you can focus your efforts appropriately."
3550,Big companies can run decisions slow - sometimes takes time to approve certain projects
3551,Too political Too preachy Viewpoint discrimination - conservatives are in the closet Too many high salaried people that were hired to make the higher management look more diverse
3566,- low pay & terrible territory distribution
3572,Big Company - That can be good or bad depending on your role.
3583,Some metrics are a little out of reach
3589,"It's a shame that Glassdoor doesn't do a better job of filtering out fake reviews. A majority of reviews on here for Salesforce are fake, written by bots, and created by Salesforce themselves. In reality, this is an absolutely horrible place to work. You will be thrown into a meat grinder with unrealistic expectations pushed on you, and virtually no training or guidance when you start. You'll realize in a few short weeks that coming to this company was the absolute worst decision you've ever made in your life, and that reading reviews on this website are causing people to destroy their lives by coming to this company. It's all an illusion. The culture is horrible and toxic. You'll be chewed up and spit out without remorse. DO NOT COME TO THIS COMPANY!!! DO NOT BELIEVE THE FAKE REVIEWS!!!"
3592,Everything is dependent on territory and they tend to put you in a non-performing territory if you are new to the team.
3594,Was bullied and harassed and it wrecked my mental health. HR (ES and EthicsPoint) and UX leadership was aware but I received no help and was expected to continue working with a known bully. On a long road to recovery to get my mental health back.
3605,"Sometimes slow moving, decisions can be hard to make stick"
3611,"The sales culture is sometimes a little bro-y, but I've not had any overt racism or sexism The organization is getting older and adopting more bureaucracy, but it's not an insurmountable red tape amount"
3617,Unrealistic demands and pressure the last two weeks of very month!
3627,-larger sales territory and lower quotas
3630,Very difficult to move up or change orgs based on job preferences Salary is very low compared to other companies
3635,Constant reorganization. Pretty political in senior roles. Acquire innovation rather than sponsoring it
3640,Hard to do business with
3641,Lack of transparency and low pay
3646,Hitting quota can be affected by few large deals vs many smaller deals - all depending on your territory
3657,"Rapid Growth, loose management structure"
3668,"The founder is a bully, unable or unwilling to listen to leaders or employees. Managers live in fear of “what would Marc say,” and Marc changes his mind constantly. They talk a really good game but they’re not nearly the altruistic place they want us to believe. It’s really hard to grow."
3670,Only thing I will say is the hiring process is slow due to checks and balances on equality etc
3674,Burn out is a real thing
3675,"Some folks in the leadership positions are self-serving and misuse their position to steal complete-credit from their subordinates, while pretending to be people leaders."
3679,"Sink or swim mentality can make it hard to move up , sales seems to hire outside of the company and moving up is hard within the org unless you have a fruitful customer base and numbers to show for. It’s not gonna cut it having a good personality and referral- you have to show them the money , literally."
3681,Very large company that could be intimidating for some.
3684,Hard to get promoted and you are confined in your job skill set. Not easy to move from one job to another if you need additional skills
3688,small territories for account executives
3698,No particular cons. No particular cons.
3713,Large Company that makes it challenging to move to other internal jobs as an internal candidate
3716,Too big to advance. Hard to grow your career
3717,People are hired in or promoted into incorrect jobs. Working with acquisitions is tough.
3724,"Sometimes upper management makes less than ideal decisions without consulting the front-line workers, but this is hardly unique to Salesforce."
3741,"Deliverables are aggressively demanded at the last minute with a hard impending deadline but there is no clarity on what the project itself is or any of the basic logistics necessary to move forward on it. Many of these details are dependent on higher ranking people's opinions and communication, which do not come down through the ranks until much too late in the process, causing extreme stress and anxiety for everyone involved (including external partners and customers). A very reactive culture rather than preventative or retrospective. No clear upward trajectory path in general."
3742,"Very political. If you're not politically connected, you will be shuttled into a dead-end position. Shady and unethical comp practices."
3750,Lack of transparency and low pay
3792,Large organizations are sometimes hard to deal with
3801,Be more selective when choosing managers! People leave managers!
3804,Too big to advance. Hard to grow your career
3807,Don't have anything bad to say...
3829,"Quotas were practically doubled this year (FY23), while territories were ""streamlined."" No amount of C360 kool aid can hide the fact your commissions will be lower this year. Compared to the previous fiscal, you need to work twice as hard, with less business, in order to earn your commissions (not to mention the typical internal battles to keep accounts that have international offices and/or were acquired). If you're a realist, you see very slim chance of hitting your number, unless you are lucky enough to have a handful of hyper growth accounts (in a downturn economy). I guess that's what the company needs to do in order to hit $50B. I expect quite a bit of sales churn in the coming months."
3832,Only con is that you have to be serious about the hunt. You are calling executives which in my opinion are harder to sell to than consumers. There are also a lot of certifications you have to take which can be annoying when you want to just pick up the phone and dial.
3845,Leadership disregards/ dismisses concerns raised by reps in role Overall not a lot of transparency from leadership Didn't adjust salary according to inflation or give any kind of YOY increase Close to no chance for early promotion Commission is basically nonexistent even when you hit your numbers Long work hours (7:30am-5:30pm) Increasing turn over rate due to poor pay
3846,Pressure to perform. Potential to get a weak territory due to the market saturation.
3853,If you are right out of college you are in but if you are older forget it they dont want you!
3856,Pressure to perform. Potential to get a weak territory due to the market saturation.
3859,Toxic leadership and culture. Overworked
3863,"With positions being remote, if you are hired as a remote employee its hard to connect with coworkers, but SF does a great job closing that gap."
3865,I have nothing bad to say about it
3869,"-Fake image of goodness. Genuinely feels like a cult. -Many think they're special because they work here. Don't be a sucker for really good corporate marketing like I was. They're selling you a dream. You don't need a company to feel special. -Lots of red tape and arbitrary, made-up rules -Low pay, shady comp plan -Very likely that you'll work under toxic, incompetent, hypocritical, tyrannical, self-serving leadership. You will be gaslit at this company. -Endless admin tasks -Cringe-worthy jargon -Manuel processes (funny, for a company that's all about improving business efficiency) -Incredibly messy CRM (funny, for a company that invented CRM) -Most reps have no idea what they sell and lean on SEs all day -Nonstop power games -You're just a cog in a machine"
3870,"Too many people for competing to move up, makes it difficult for growth to happen"
3878,"- Stock-based compensation portion of compensation lags behind other companies - As with any large company, there are pockets that haven't adopted the best parts of the culture. This is counteracted by freedom to switch teams without requiring approval from your own management chain"
3884,"Low base salary, political atmosphere"
3885,"Extreme title inflation compared to tech company peers Some big egos - you have to know how to market yourself and your accomplishments to be seen / advance (it is a sales & marketing company after all!). More than once I saw this happen even if actual underlying performance was mediocre or if the person was harsh towards junior team members or peers. Big budgets - teams spent $$ on things that really didn't need to be bought. Use it or lose it culture as it related to budget. Financial margins could be bigger if spend could be better controlled, but the spend culture created a challenge. If the company needed to control spend, hiring and/or T&E were the levers used creating sudden starts and stops in both these areas."
3902,"No stock option, fee choices in health i insurance"
3903,Politics Selective Territories prospecting / cold calling
3906,Poor leadership in sales teams with little to no leadership training. Highly toxic environment
3910,Large corporation and inherently some bureaucracy but it could be much worse
3919,Might be growing to fast.
3926,"Managers seem to be promoted at a far greater rate than individual contributors, ""Salesforce from Anywhere"" is a sham, compensation is dictated and (in my opinion) below average for the role I was in, vaccine mandates are garbage - regardless of stance, forcing medical decisions on people is WRONG"
3939,Management is totally disconnected so things are often chaotic
3941,People are hired in or promoted into incorrect jobs. Working with acquisitions is tough.
3944,Repetitive work Not many other people in your role can help
3949,--salary and stocks are hard to negotiate
3966,"Still a large corporation with shareholders to appease, so not completely able to be a start up"
3971,Management is totally disconnected so things are often chaotic
3972,It's becoming a really big organization. Maybe too big?
3973,Don't apply if you aren't willing to work hard.
3980,Lesser pay as compared to the market
3981,"Huge disconnect between who they are and who they say they are, especially within the employee team. I only met a few people who actually knew what the Salesforce platform was, how it was used for different verticals and what the benefits were for customers. Trying to to use the product internally was a comedy of errors. No one understands how it works or how to use it. Too many siloes, even the siloes have siloes. 1200 tiles on okta, are you kidding? Lots of politics and backstabbing. Many problems caused or perpetuated by the very people who say they are trying to fix it. Leadership was more cliquey than high school. From what I saw the opportunity for advancement comes down to who your manager is, but sadly there are a lot of managers who are not qualified at all and are simply afraid of talent."
3985,"Lack of mobility, politics, lots of red tape"
3986,"The not-so-great: Salesforce is focused on growth and that means squeezing every penny out of its customers. To do this, they put a lot of sales reps into small territories. Sales reps are tasked with selling with big quotas and small territories. On the aggregate, Salesforce does well but individually it is becoming more and more difficult to hit quota. Less than 30% of Account Executives (AEs) actually hit their number if that tells you anything. Further, the resources around AEs internally are becoming more of an obstacle than a benefit. The hardest part of this job is getting others internally to do their jobs. If you raise your concerns, someone will hear you and then nothing will get done. You will just be making excuses. There are a lot of great sales professionals at Salesforce. However, with smaller territories, the good AEs are leaving. The newbies who are still learning are the ones trying to sell to customers. Customers complain about the constant churn of account teams. One of the top complaints is employee burnout and nothing seems to be done about it."
3996,"Super high expectations, work at a high level or your out"
4002,- pay could. be higher
4010,Unfair promotion and politics in orgs
4026,Big tech can be slow moving
4032,Management culture approaching toxic territory
4037,"Lots of internal competition to exceed or be recognized publicly; Do not hire in at the wrong level. There is no relelveing. You have to be promoted, which can take years, even if everyone admits you may be in the wrong place."
4040,- Onboarding is challenging due to the amount of mandatory training - Sometimes difficult to find the content you need via internal channels
4044,- constant change can lead to overly high aspirational goals
4047,"-Not up front about role and territory before hiring (may give you a terrible role and you won't find out until it's too late. They don't change roles within a fiscal year so goodbye happiness and pay). -Cut throat people who do not help each other. SO much ego. Be ready to work with tons of people who think they are God's gift to the world. They'll be super fake but not help. -Be ready to learn everything on their internal Google that is terrible. Need help? Log a ticket. Got a question? Log a ticket. Have an issue? Log a ticket. Ticket didn't help? Log another ticket. -Training takes weeks and will be unrelated to your actual job -Internal support resource teams will say no most of the time and RVPs don't have the ability to do anything about it -If an internal team does help, be ready for them to take months to actually do what is asked. Things are never expected in a timely manner. -Goals are a joke. Majority of reps never get close to them so your actual take home pay will be much less than you anticipate regarding commission -You'll want to scream it's so frustrating. You'll feel very alone. Be careful before deciding to work for this company. The media shares how wonderful it is but realistically they do not care about you at all and treat you like a robot."
4052,"Arbitrary sales goals, clear they do not care about you as an individual contributor"
4053,"Occasionally ""political"" and they make ""ethical"" decisions based on their political views."
4058,Some Manipulating leaders or managers Some managers discriminate by hoarding information. But use the company provided resources to overcome such people
4063,A sales role at a company called salesforce probably means it’s a high pressure job
4073,"The pay plan benefits you for account growth, but penalizes you for account shrinkage... whether the fault for that situation is yours or not. The pay plans are very aggressive, though, which can make up for down cycles."
4074,High pressure during Q4 but no real negatives
4097,"- Business direction can pivot often (usually annually/reorg/project reprioritization). - Outsourcing Engineering resources to India is becoming a trend. Don't get too scared, Salesforce usually has generous severance packages when your entire department gets wiped out overnight."
4103,High pressure during Q4 but no real negatives
4108,Giant corporate restructuring can happen at any time.
4110,nothing bad to report here.
4115,"It can be incredibly overwhelming coming in from the outside. There's so much to know and never a shortage of information or resources, but it can be difficult to navigate or find the right answer."
4130,- lack of growth - hard to get raise
4135,"Bureaucratic as hell. It might be an issue for me more than others since I've never worked at a corporation before this. The amount of bureaucracy to resolve small issues or get simple things done is mind-numbing. Also, the positive culture sometimes borders on toxic positivity. Sometimes we need to acknowledge that things suck and that makes everyone who is struggling feel seen."
4144,"Constant state of confusion. Endless ""all hands"" meetings. Constantly having to filter and figure out what actually matters to your job and what doesn't. Little to no direction or management. Despite being a senior manager the work has devolved into entry level data analyst work because there is no cohesive strategy. Endless multifactor authentication for all tools. Okta, zscaler, multiple other VPNs and having to authenticate every tool multiple times a day. Literally 1/3 of the day is spent authenticating."
4145,"It can be tricky to get out of the set paths for career progressions, e.g. if you want to switch to marketing, it is tough, there is career progression laid out and for the most part you have to follow that."
4146,% of reps that make OTE is low.
4148,nothing bad to report here.
4155,Nothing is bad over here!
4170,Targets tough to hit for most in sales
4172,"This is a severely toxic organization - reorgs and a lot of political fighting, posturing and sabotage between the VPs as they try really hard to get noticed by the EVPs. What's worse is that it appears that the HR folks are either powerless and so they go along or they are in on it. Several coworkers described experiences of being horribly berated by hatchet folks in HR based on ""complaints"" that HR would not clarify or explain. They described being pulled onto phone calls and told they have to ""apologize for what you did"", and when asked what they were talking about, would be told ""it's impossible that you don't know what we're talking about and if you don't then it's even worse than we thought."" Some have hypothesized this is how Salesforce rattles employees they, for whatever reason, decide they want to leave ( inside scoop indicates this is another maneuver by some VPs to create ""opportunities"" to shape an org the way they want when they get key folks to self-select out) but have no reason to push them out or worse yet, the employees were actually considered high performing by prior managers. I highly recommend anyone considering Salesforce to stay away unless it is the best you can get because its a huge company, if you get on the wrong side of just about anyone it could get really bad for you and there is nothing you can do."
4186,"Too much account turnover, which affects growth and is being exploited by the competition"
4203,Too many guard rails as processes
4205,"Sometimes upper management makes less than ideal decisions without consulting the front-line workers, but this is hardly unique to Salesforce."
4215,"- Stock-based compensation portion of compensation lags behind other companies - As with any large company, there are pockets that haven't adopted the best parts of the culture. This is counteracted by freedom to switch teams without requiring approval from your own management chain"
4219,You have to leave and come back for a reasonable OTE comp plan.
4224,The compensation is weak and difficult to achieve
4226,Pressure on short term results
4229,Hard to achieve monthly targets
4230,Its a large company so change can be difficult and it's hard to come in externally.
4244,Basically everything is a con
4245,"Small territories, extremely large quotas, highly demanding management"
4247,Slow moving bureaucracy. Not a meritocracy
4259,People are now quite spread out
4265,Artificial ceilings put in based on your current pay rate. They force you to take small steps up vs large promotions.
4273,"Promotions are heavily dependent on your relationship with your manager, meeting culture was pretty out of control, and burnout was rampant."
4288,They pay us less for internal promotions than the external candidates that they hire.
4289,"With any huge corporations, comes playing politics"
4290,"Far too many meetings, growing very quickly so unorganized at times, inconsistency in management and team structure so some teams are overworked while others have little to do. Overwhelming at times with information overload. They live by the the 'build the plane on the way down' mentality. It can definitely be a sink or swim environment if you get the wrong manager."
4292,Experiencing some growing pains as they continue to scale
4296,Targets tough to hit for most in sales
4302,Scope creep from other roles/functions
4307,"I joined during the pandemic, so it was a bit tough to integrate as staff began to distribute. This was an unavoidable consequence that impacted onboarding and relationship building."
4311,Sales org is a bit of a factory- unrealistic metrics and easily replaceable. Hard to switch departments
4322,1. Not much intencive for retention
4328,We're growing at such a fast pace the culture can get a little diluted if we're not careful.
4331,"Within my first quarter, I felt like I was being molded into a ""used car salesman."" If you are considering joining the GRB team on the East coast... Was told several times during my time ""stop trying to develop relationships, you won't be covering that account next year"" and ""it's not your problem if the implementation fails, just sell the licenses and someone will worry about it later."" Was shocked by the level of micromanagement, time wasted on internal meetings, and sense of self-importance. Also, reps (often with manager support) spend a remarkable amount of time ""gaming"" the internal system. Setting up dupe accounts to manipulate commissions, a practice that often creates internal confusion which ultimately impacts the customer experience."
4333,"Severe micro aggression, lot of politicking, lot of bad managers"
4347,"For a Work From Anywhere message, having no flexibility in your own department without reason is not aligning to overall message."
4350,Slow growth Very top heavy org
4353,The corporate ladder is a bit rigid
4364,A very complicated bureaucracy which occasionally results in people working together who have somewhat competing agendas.
4369,Mainly bad experience like k said
4370,A little too much mandatory yearly training on security and other stuff.
4371,Large organizations can be difficult to navigate sometimes
4384,Clicky politics did not develop talent Sabotage behavior
4397,Too much hand holding for BDR's Initiatives rolled out by broader OU without manager input occasionally - this can sometimes work against you depending on what you are trying to accomplish for your team
4399,- Tougher to move around internally - Lack of transparency on promotion process
4402,Large company. You can get lost in the numbers
4408,There are times promotions are political
4439,"Terrible culture that promotes relentless toxic positivity. Overworked, underpaid, over stressed- but do it with a smile. I had a miscarriage and was told that “I’d be taking a risk” if I took time off to recover. I reported this threatening and abusive behavior to HR and they did nothing. I had another boss who would talk badly about other team members, sneak around and spy on group chats, verbally abuse employees. I took a lunch one day and didn’t answer him immediately after he IMed me- and he said “so are you just not working today?” Im 10 years into my career and have never been treated SO badly by a company."
4440,"toxic environment, lack of leadership accountability or consequences"
4441,Not a very challenging job. Not a ton of accountability for people who don’t do their jobs.
4456,"Salesforce used to be really good at having new hires (whether hired or acquired) adopt Salesforce's values and culture. But some senior execs hired from large companies have not embraced Salesforce's culture and values. They start with micro non-Salesforce cultures within their immediate reporting teams, but over time their non-Salesforce culture trickles down to larger employee population."
4466,"The not-so-great: Salesforce is focused on growth and that means squeezing every penny out of its customers. To do this, they put a lot of sales reps into small territories. Sales reps are tasked with selling with big quotas and small territories. On the aggregate, Salesforce does well but individually it is becoming more and more difficult to hit quota. Less than 30% of Account Executives (AEs) actually hit their number if that tells you anything. Further, the resources around AEs internally are becoming more of an obstacle than a benefit. The hardest part of this job is getting others internally to do their jobs. If you raise your concerns, someone will hear you and then nothing will get done. You will just be making excuses. There are a lot of great sales professionals at Salesforce. However, with smaller territories, the good AEs are leaving. The newbies who are still learning are the ones trying to sell to customers. Customers complain about the constant churn of account teams. One of the top complaints is employee burnout and nothing seems to be done about it."
4469,"Below market pay, all about what is your ""brand"", how do you feel, little incentive on those who work hard. If you are a political or have a slight difference in view beware. Not friendly to those outside of their ""ideology"". This includes businesses as well. Don't trust your core business to them because they can ""terminate"" the agreement if they ""feel"" like it."
4470,"-Not up front about role and territory before hiring (may give you a terrible role and you won't find out until it's too late. They don't change roles within a fiscal year so goodbye happiness and pay). -Cut throat people who do not help each other. SO much ego. Be ready to work with tons of people who think they are God's gift to the world. They'll be super fake but not help. -Be ready to learn everything on their internal Google that is terrible. Need help? Log a ticket. Got a question? Log a ticket. Have an issue? Log a ticket. Ticket didn't help? Log another ticket. -Training takes weeks and will be unrelated to your actual job -Internal support resource teams will say no most of the time and RVPs don't have the ability to do anything about it -If an internal team does help, be ready for them to take months to actually do what is asked. Things are never expected in a timely manner. -Goals are a joke. Majority of reps never get close to them so your actual take home pay will be much less than you anticipate regarding commission -You'll want to scream it's so frustrating. You'll feel very alone. Be careful before deciding to work for this company. The media shares how wonderful it is but realistically they do not care about you at all and treat you like a robot."
4473,Sometimes it is difficult to grow as company is having big changes. Young people is having its difficulties.
4474,There are many acquisitions in recently years. The Ohana culture may not be well propagated.
4488,Notthing to declare in this point
4491,In danger of losing it's culture
4497,Pressure sales environment like all big tech
4501,nothing to report on at this stage
4515,Too much of a start-up in some areas.
4518,"Constant change, Turf Wars, Role Duplication"
4520,nothing to report on at this stage
4522,"slow career progression, promotions not decided in a fair and transparent way"
4526,"Honestly, it's hard to find a true ""Con"""
4532,"This job position is at high risk of burn out, because there is a fast sales cycle, a lot of passages to do, and too many Account Executive per solution engineer to support. The result is an overwhelming demand, not covered by the supply of SEs which are not increased as consistently as the Account Executive while the effort demand is always the same if not increasing. The promotion steps are not clear and not transparent, even when brought in front of data. The role seems to be undervalued by the company in general and taken into account only as a mere factor of higher conversion that needs to be applied wherever possible no matter the stretch of the individual."
4535,"No support from HR, managers etc they ask you for feedback that they know you can’t be 100% honest about and then blame you for not telling them once you burn out They don’t listen to the surveys we take about our managers or the company Employees are just numbers and ACV. “You are here to learn” fail once and see what happens Hypocritical behavior from people who wish to empower you, in the end they only talk the talk. Fake political positions, the CEO earns 20m a year, if he was concerned about the earth, poverty etc he would spare some for others. (Many other examples) Women are always preferred to management director positions solely because they are women and not based on their competences Team spirit is inexistant, people won’t hesitate to shame you to their manager and steal deals off you. Toxic environment"
4536,Too many layers of management
4541,Difficulty climbing the ladder with so many matrixed layers etc.
4548,Nothing is wrong as such
4549,I can't really think of any. As with most giant corporations there isnt a whole lot of wiggle room around HR Process but it's completely understandable
4550,"Slow, bureaucratic, silos, no innovation except when acquiring. Brain wash with Ohana culture. If you are gonna work with Core, move away... it takes 3 hours to compile with a 64gb ram machine. Leadership is a game role and not a behaviour, an action"
4552,"To many sales people, not enough growth accounts to match targets"
4553,Promotions not decided in a fair way
4563,Perhaps too structured at times
4567,"A culture of bullying and backstabbing from the top... Micromanaging and lack of trust. Success is not determined by your ability and/or hardworking, but rather by sales pacth/territory you are assigned to."
4569,Political and need to know the right people
4571,Management not transparent with their decisions. Comparitively way less pay with US counterparts.
4578,Slow promotion Not valuing the single worker A machine Hard to reach target
4584,"Numbers are all inflated and unless your AEs ""help you out"" youll probably miss your goals."
4599,"- Conflict in office politic, but able to manage it"
4602,"Recruiting team doesn't understand your profile. A simple example if you apply for a position you will be rejected without contacting the hiring manager, Once you contact the hiring manager he was astonished to hear that your profile is rejected and then once again the interview is scheduled. Recruiting team doesnt understand the pain or the agony that the candidate will be going through till the time these guys say or comeback about anything. Waste of time. Company is good but lot of local politics which makes the company not worthy. Forget about promotions. If you refer anybody they'll be rejected even if they have the skill set, only if you have a strong connection with the hiring manager then you need to share the referral bonus and only then the candidate will be hired,"
4612,Corporate decisions sometime blow the mind.
4613,Becoming increasingly more corporate due to size and growth.
4614,no control on choice of work
4616,Sales targets can be difficult to reach
4624,too many calls which are not needed
4629,Not proper communication through management
4635,"Pressure, and can’t think of anything else"
4637,No yearly performance reviews. No yearly salary increase. Change management every year. Toxic environment. Self-centred people. Back-stabbing culture. People higher up take credit for work others have done. Everyone is there for the money and pretend to make the world a better place. If management doesn't like you they'll make sure you won't progress in your career.
4643,Don’t have anything bad to say
4649,Complicated internal processes (making it difficult to get things done)
4654,"The problem is that they continue to acquire companies, and within those companies individuals who are less than qualified or do not fit the Salesforce culture also get acquired. If you happen to become apart of one of these products and teams, it's extremely difficult to get out of and Salesforce takes years to fire individuals that desperately need to be removed from the company. Management says that their hands are tied with Employee Success and Employee Success drags their feet, causing teams and clients to suffer dramatically. The Marketing cloud is notorious for this behavior and has an internal reputation from Salesforce Core to not hire individuals that come from the Marketing Cloud due to the individuals that do not represent the company and the Marketing Cloud well."
4656,Lot's of pressure to meet goals. Territories keep getting cut.
4657,"People end up getting stuck there, career growth in limited, very siloed teams."
4661,"The politics in play prevent you from doing your job. You are not recognized for performance, and there are limited opportunities for growth. Salesforce overworks and underpays employees in key roles while rewarding employees in roles that are less critical. You are subjected to trial by fire with little or no management support."
4664,"SFDC is struggling to figure out how to be a big company. Has hard-nosed, win at all costs Oracle-type culture. You need to decide if you're into that. Sales mgmt has no problem berating entire teams in conference calls. Mgmt within the Platform team is unfocused and not very seasoned. Company turns a blind eye to hyper aggressive field sales people who run over their fellow employees."
4673,"Ruthless and unethical. You will get kicked to the curb faster than you can blink, regardless of how precarious your life circumstances may be. Absolutely untrustworthy."
4679,"The HR, IT, and other functions that are not core to the sales or development departments are poorly run and managed for those working in satellite locations. We are told the push is to hire internally and we should be given stretch opportunities. However, when you apply for these positions they go with outside candidates and say you need more time with Salesforce to understand the Salesforce culture or other made up requirements, which were not included in the job description. If you are in a non-core position and you do are not in San Francisco or Indianapolis you need to work 3 times as hard and 2 times as long to move anywhere in the company."
4683,Focus is on internal politics vs sales. Promotions are not merit based and more time is spent selling internally vs to customers. Cloud sales role does not have a clear value to the organization or customers creating constant ambiguity and difficulties in achieving quota.
4687,"No long term incentives, such as RSU"
4694,"Like any company, if your manager isn't good you leave. They don't hire managers and onboard them effectively."
4695,"Mediocre pay, politics, easy to get lost in the shuffle"
4707,"Upper management can sometimes become mismanaged, causing miscommunications down the line"
4710,undefined measures for promotions - can be less of a meritocracy in some departments.
4714,Internal tooling is aging and can cause stress on deadlines.
4723,Hard to advance from within without really playing the political game.
4727,"Now that it's much larger, a little harder to rise up as fast"
4733,"Too much ohana, and political correctness, people are trigger happy to report and escalate and take advantage. No real performance management could easily see 25% of my team being let go as underperforming."
4734,"CEO changes direction constantly. CMO position has been a revolving door. Nobody lasts more than 2 years in that role. Marketing budgets have been shrinking in the last 18 months. People used to put up with the constantly changing direction and withering feedback from senior management because they got paid really wel,l, but stock grants are a fraction of what they used to be so that is no longer the case."
4738,Below average people Bad executive management Terrible MS culture in infra
4739,"- A very unsafe culture. Predatory behavior in meetings. Only a white can do such a thing and not face any consequences because trust is a right for the whites and for colored it is a loosely hanging privilege which might be lost anytime and needs to constantly work on earning the privilege. I saw people even at Sr.Director level (who was colored) just leaving the meeting not knowing what to say or do. Eventually that Sr.Director (who was top notch) left the team in the name of personal reasons. Believe it or not, those whites even got promotions and MVP awards. - Nepotism is prevalent. I was fully surprised by the way an engineering lead was lifted up to a top level leadership level so quickly (< 3 months since joining) without producing any good results. He was referred by another well positioned person in the team. The guy lacked humanity and was untrustworthy. He was aggressive, inconsistent, unresponsive, over-confident and was stepping on others toes a lot. Even providing feedback in the feedback app with facts to stop doing such things didn't help. - Absolutely no transparency in promotions. People who did great things didn't get promoted and they left. I was a founding engineer who worked for closely 2 years. Many of the peer reviews were extremely positive. I was involved in some of the top level architecture meetings, was openly stated in those meetings that this is a really critical piece so i was needed to do it and ultimately got the job done from me, only to let a white take over the project once it was done and I saw others getting promoted who built on top of the work I had done. My manager didn't say any bad things in our 1:1s, he promoted others, resigned and just before leaving he talked to me for a minute over a phone call and we never met. I was the biggest fool to trust these people. - I was low balled on the pay and the recruiter lied to me that salesforce doesn't do any sign on bonus and negotiations. - Extremely operations heavy culture. Once a product is built and released to the customers, the pace at which things move is unbelievably slow. Leadership kills innovations, condescends on engineers who innovated and worked hard to build the product and makes everything operations centric."
4743,"Pressure. There is a constant, unrelenting pressure to hit your numbers. Normally in sales one faces a 3 EOQ's and one EOY push. At salesforce, you face 11 EOQ's and one EOY push. Basically, every month is like a quarter end. Territories are not intentionally unbalanced, but it does happen. A lot of the success you may or may not experience will be a result of a great or poor territory. Some managers understand this and work with you to maximize your results until the next year when things can be re-balanced, others are quick to terminate. As a result of this territory lottery, success and failure can come quickly. I've seen folks promoted on a single deal in which they made over 70% of their annual number but otherwise similar results."
4747,"Hard, challenging work (if you don't want to be challenged this could be considered a Con)"
4769,The reason why they put so much energy into training is because lots of bureaucracy. I guess being this big its tough to stay PCI compliant so lots of rules to follow. Just need to learn to navigate.
4773,"An unbelievable amount of information to learn before truly becoming effective, not really a ""con"", simply a fact of life."
4783,"Losing sight of the core values the company was founded on. Growing to fast and not able to keep up with overall growth. Seeing lots and lots of angry current customers... 8/10 if you don't have 5-6+ years of inside/outside sales experience, you will only be considered for an SDR or BDR role. This could be fine, but the role should incorporate more closing of business if you are basically expecting people to take a demotion for the role and not articulating the position clearly (this could just be an issue with my office though). If you are on the BDR team you can be the hardest working person and still not hit your number because of how your quota is attained. Your manager will ""help you"" come up with ""strategic plans"" to hit your number (basically just tell you to make more calls/set meetings) but it doesn't matter because if you AEs refuse the meetings, don't feel like moving them to a stage 2 (everyone perceives what this means differently), don't have time to take them until the next month, etc. then you are screwed. BDR management doesn't align with AE management at all. Therefore, they don't care about anything except their AEs closing deals (I don't blame them!), they are annoyed when BDR management comes complaining that their AEs aren't working with their BDR... This is just not a conducive business model and doesn't help growth initiatives. Not everyone is measured the same. You could be aligned 2-4 AEs or 10-15 AEs as a BDR. Either way, these people are expected to generate the same amount of ""stage 2"" opportunity. If you have 2 AEs that are busy, don't work in your office or don't have the ""need"" for a BDR to generate pipeline - then you have NO chance of hitting your quota. SDRs, BDRs and AE's are all expected to generate their own pipeline - which makes sense but it is causing people to compete with each other which takes away from making the customer #1 priority. This is especially bad since the Mulesoft migration... (from BDR POV) Although Salesforce always talks about endless internal growth opportunities, this is def not something that I have seen to be encouraged. You are pretty much forced to take the typical promotion track. BDR Management is way too pushy with BDRs setting new meetings and business, while this should be a significant responsibility, lots of customers get mislead, forgotten, or treated with poor customer service which eventually will backfire (I have already seen it backfire a few times!) As a BDR you could generate $5mil in the pipeline one month, but only have 2 stage two opptys on the board (you need around 6-8)...which means you will miss your quota. Others could have 6-8 opptys on the board which only adds up to $300k in pipe for the month, but they will hit quota.. Doesn't make sense."
4787,"Due to the growth, employee working space and privacy are both commodities that are somewhat lacking. How can you concentrate on your job when there is noise and distraction so plentiful? Over the summer, some workers are literally shoulder to shoulder."
4788,"20,000+ employees are a lot of people, need to ensure we have all the right people on the boat."
4791,"(marketing cloud) Not a good place to get anything done. It has become too big of a bloated ship to steer. People with inflated titles coming in with no knowledge of the space or customers - and no desire to learn. They just come in, prioritize the wrong projects and don't listen to the people who have been there for years and know what is actually important. I've seen it many times and became disgusted, ultimately deciding to leave. The CEO (Bob) likes to yell and has a shoot first, ask questions mentality - extremely disruptive and people are leaving in droves because of him."
4793,Upper management is usually not qualifed
4799,"No career path or growth and terrible compensation. Nobody has a clear Understanding of responsibilities. Terrible management, there is little to no support from them. Low morale as a result of all of this."
4800,As far as a sales job goes it is one of the worst I have ever experienced. The territories or account decks are not distributed evenly and there are only a handful of sales people succeeding despite the incredible numbers reported to Wall Street. Managers DO NOT coach; their only job is to manage your pipeline so you are left to out there on your own. As a result turn over is higher than anything I have ever seen
4811,"Mid Market AE’s get 8 total install accounts, only 2-3 of which will actually buy anything, particularly on the west coast (very small amount of accounts compared to Mid Market territories at other companies). I’ve seen lots of highly successful AEs come to Salesforce and leave after less then a year after being dealt TERRIBLE territories mostly due to lots of upset oversold customers with lots of shelfware. Also, lots of poor implementations due to prior AEs not insisting on customers bringing in business partners when they should have because they just wanted to close deals....Many customers who look good on paper aren’t buying anything for these reasons....in many cases hard work has nothing to do with hitting your number - if you don’t have good/satisfied install accounts in your territory (total toss up btw) there is no path to success whatsoever as decent net new logo deals are few and far between (in Mid Market) - the expectation at Salesforce is that you won’t hit your number - you’ve been warned... Culture is another toss up depending on the RVP - they preach “Ohana” but in lots of cases it should be “nohana” - be VERY careful if you are looking at a job in one of the the coprime aka overlay AE divisions as it can be very toxic if your product set isn’t service cloud....be sure to really feel out your managers leadership style before you take one of these roles because there really are some brutally awful RVPs. If the RVP you are interviewing with is brand new to Salesforce CAUTION Terrible new AE product enablement - they give you marketing fluff and that’s it"
4814,Several years into my career at Salesforce and I can't think of one specific to my current role. Is that cheesy? Maybe. Is it honest? Absolutely.
4816,"Forcing all employees at a location to attend the all-hands in person by not providing conference call information shows how desperate this ""head of technology"" to fill the room."
4817,Our internal complexities are sometimes difficult to shield from customers.
4823,"Inconsistent people practices - Too many sales leaders in here are focused only on deals and volume of metrics versus quality work, what's best for the customer, and their people. What about the hearts and minds people, you just might be surprised. Relatively weak enablement - our own instance is a mess and not optimized for us to truly succeed the way we should be. I shouldn't be embarrassed to show my cluttered configuration. Compensation appears to be getter lower and lower around me - only a few appear to be making great money, the rest end up either just ok, but more frequently I'm hearing that other AE's have to take on debt in their so called ""Dreamjob"". Am I next? Give us back some reasonable territory please."
4827,Not as nimble as smaller organisations.
4831,There are no downsides to working at Salesforce!
4835,The security that Salesforce puts on laptops makes it hard to do certain things but it's a tradeoff.
4836,-Incompetent people with titles as 'research scientist' and 'research engineers' -You would instantly lose attraction to companies like Google/Facebook/Apple/Amazon if you go here. Common perception is that they hire lazy low-tier engineers/scientist -Many of the 'researchers/research scientists' do not even have a PhD. They are students/friends of the people in management who hire them without rigorous interviews - You won't learn anything since there is no innovation going on here. This will be problematic if you try to get a job at a real company and they ask you about your past experience.
4838,"The innovative culture is starting to be tainted by the recent ""Big Company"" feel and imported Sr. Management from Oracle. Very hard driving culture leads for little to no work/life balance."
4841,"Unpredictable hours, cyclical with high demands in Q4, YMMV by department. Advancement-hungry middle management can apply unnecessary pressures and derail individual trajectory in many ways. Potential for short-term outlook to negatively impact book of business long term. Top down management principals need to better discriminate by market segment."
4844,Can’t really think of any negatives
4860,"First, It is very much the same old type of network. Don't be taken in by the facade of empowering women. It is just one step off Weinstein-like mentality (there is no harassment of that type but the mentality is ""women, know your place"".) What I specifically mean is this: men have a way of doing the Sales, R&D, IT, and programs like Ignite. Women have to scurry along and just make nice. You dare not speak up. Some small amount of benign questioning will be ""allowed"". If you really challenge the unproductive practices, a swarm of managers and their managers and their managers will put you on ""employee success"" plan. This goes on your HR records. Once it does, you cannot transfer, get promoted, get a letter to attend Business School or get a good reference to go to another company. A multitude of other good things you might have done and your hard work will go down the drain. It makes people suicidal. This culture does not understand that this job is food on our table. Second, many former Google, Facebook, Nvidia, Microsoft and 5 Agency employees are welcome if they just about have a pulse. Hence, high ranking executives will come one or two days to work; will not have full comprehension of client's current/future stages; treat all engineers as inferior; and publicly chide team members. Third, Veterans are hired in droves. Hiring is all they do. That is all. Then a handful of hyper-gamified, substance-less Trails are thrown at them along with a ""mentor"" program. Most new hires, especially veterans, struggle between not knowing how to navigate the million tools and the embarrassment of asking colleagues on how to do things. Fourth, Salesforce attracts prospective employees in with a seemingly high pay. But, a large part of that is commission or bonus. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE to attain quota or utilization. This is another way for managers to crack the ."
4865,"Lots of internal politics, no surprise at any big company this isn't Salesforce specific it happens everywhere. Promos are about timing mainly."
4873,With insane year over year growth inevitably comes growing pains.
4876,"On the verge of becoming a larger company. As such, trying to balance encouraging entrepreneurship with requirements of scaling as a large enterprise. A lot of snap decisions are made in terms of business goals, metrics and expectations without discussion of a larger roadmap on the departmental level or larger business context."
4879,"Mid Market AE’s get 8 total install accounts, only 2-3 of which will actually buy anything, particularly on the west coast (very small amount of accounts compared to Mid Market territories at other companies). I’ve seen lots of highly successful AEs come to Salesforce and leave after less then a year after being dealt TERRIBLE territories mostly due to lots of upset oversold customers with lots of shelfware. Also, lots of poor implementations due to prior AEs not insisting on customers bringing in business partners when they should have because they just wanted to close deals....Many customers who look good on paper aren’t buying anything for these reasons....in many cases hard work has nothing to do with hitting your number - if you don’t have good/satisfied install accounts in your territory (total toss up btw) there is no path to success whatsoever as decent net new logo deals are few and far between (in Mid Market) - the expectation at Salesforce is that you won’t hit your number - you’ve been warned... Culture is another toss up depending on the RVP - they preach “Ohana” but in lots of cases it should be “nohana” - be VERY careful if you are looking at a job in one of the the coprime aka overlay AE divisions as it can be very toxic if your product set isn’t service cloud....be sure to really feel out your managers leadership style before you take one of these roles because there really are some brutally awful RVPs. If the RVP you are interviewing with is brand new to Salesforce CAUTION Terrible new AE product enablement - they give you marketing fluff and that’s it"
4884,"Very little cohesion, everyone does whatever they want. Sometimes gets very political to get anything done. Few power checks for employees with bad managers."
4885,Easy to get lost in the shuffle
4889,"Marketing Cloud, at least, is still going through transition pains years after acquisition. Many processes have not worked out kinks yet, and it felt like San Francisco dictated to our office without taking into consideration our unique needs. During my time in Marketing Cloud Support, we were extremely under-staffed, with a discouragement of using overtime and yet we had to call every customer, every day, and provide them with a two-hour window during which we could call. I have been told that since I left rules have become even stricter. With tight SLAs, little overtime available, and a severe lack of staff, employees were extremely stressed and turnover became a real problem. We did not feel that the company cared whether the requirements of the job were impossible to perform in an 8-hour day. The team that existed when I left earlier this year looks nothing like the current team because of people feeling they had to leave to get out of the situation. Team leads and managers in Indianapolis were as supportive as they could be given the situation and pressure on them as well. My team often felt that we had no agency in this issue, as leaders in Indianapolis could do nothing against the executives in San Francisco making decisions for us."
4891,"Because Salesforce is growing so fast – doubling its workforce and revenue over two years – many things get lost in the shuffle. Some teams have crushing workloads, while others are virtually forgotten. The prevailing infrastructure of the company is a parochial network of vice presidents operating independently. This leads to disconnection, and occasionally chaos. Teams duplicate work, work in contradictory directions, and compete pointlessly. Territoriality for budget and resources is rampant. There are no centralized checks and balances. If you have a bad or unethical warlord, you may be asked to do things that are counterproductive or even hurtful. The patchwork of fiefdoms across the company is so disconnected that many teams are unaware of similar teams within the company. Efforts to organize or connect strategies are met with resistance and sometimes hostility. A chief strategy officer with a team of connected project managers could address this, but many VPs don't want accountability. The result is work that doesn't rise above mediocrity. Salesforce is a great company comprised of dozens of mediocre companies. Those mediocre companies don't want to connect and be great because their leaders don't want to lose status. Once you see that you can't unsee it. Many workers grow cynical as a result. The famed ""Ohana"" (Hawaiian for family) doesn't penetrate the 300-yard stare of hardened coworkers who don't say hello in elevators."
4898,- Does not like to change very much. Likes to stick with old technology. - People sitting on temporary desks. Spacing issues. seriously salesforce????? - No pay increases per year. They don't promote you based on your performance. Some low performers getting promotions and other hard workers staying at the current positions for years.
4917,Ramp up is painful at the beginning.
4922,Still got a lot of growing to do so is somewhat tactical compared to other enterprise software companies. If you join - come planning on helping to create solutions not follow someone else's plan
4943,- Very corporate environment - This can lead to a lot of 'office politics' which could be viewed as either a pro or con - Less than competitive compensation
4945,"Some growing pains but they recognize and act upon it quickly, rather than blaming employees Employees work hard here, yet management emphasizes wellness to avoid burnout"
4956,Large company which can mean process can be lacking
4962,Leadership in some orgs is questionable. Too much red tape required to make process changes. Any changes passed tended to be from those that had personal friendships with leadership.
4966,- lower level management is poor in regards to management skills - weak H.R department when it comes to representing employees concerns - a TON of politics to deal with
4967,I have nothing negative to say.
4970,Difficult to change roles internally.
4972,management is incompetent. many of the staff are incompetent. the titles are very much over inflated. They blatantly do not protect customer data. They place emphasis on loyalty over experience and expertise. They are very discriminatory.
4978,small territories can limit earnings
4993,Middle line Management discriminates against women. Set male counter parts up for success with better accounts and slam dunk opportunities. Derogatory comments against sexuality and being women is tolerated. Good Faith complaints do not hold water. Only a very few percentage of sales account eexecutives actually make their quota and are making accelerators. Quotas and territories are not consistent and products and messaging in Marketing Cloud have failed year over year. Employee Success/HR protects Management team. Do not use this process as it means nothing.
5008,"Management - Many Managers, Few Leaders - Moral is low. Few are making quota. Micro management is pervasive. Management wants to own all the deals and tell AE's what to do and how to do it. There is no trust in the AE's ability to drive a deal to close. Management attempts to drive rep behavior by fear and focusing too much on the volume of activity. There is a lack of focus on being out in territory vs volume of remote calls / meetings. Management needs to do a better job of using the app to reference next steps and activity. AE's are asked to repeat what is already in the app and often a waste of time and meetings. Quota Attainment and Resources - Very few people are hitting quota and throwing more bodies at the problem is not solving it. We are short of SE's and SE management. We have way too many co-primes units and need to dissolve the service cloud co-prime role. GB and Select comp plan is not aligned to a ""monthly cadence"" and only can make , few people are achieving quota and management is terrible. Management constantly complaining to reps about activity, expense reports or closed business. Monthly cadence for sales isn't aligned to the comp plan for GB and Select roles. A lot of politics. Limited Work Life Balance and Always on Call - We are not doctors or solving the world's most important problems. We are sales reps for a tech company. We should not be on call every night, weekend and on PTO. Reps are NOT encourage to take time away to re-energized and refocus. When reps try to take time off, they are getting daily emails from management. Managers Get Unlimited PTO / Reps Get Very Limited PTO - Managers not get unlimited PTO due to a policy change in April 2017 where Director level and above (management) get unlimited PTO, Meanwhile AE reps are limited to about 2 weeks of PTO and still filling out weekly time sheets! Everyone should be on the same policy - unlimited PTO. Credit on Deals - Another example of the politics and toxic culture is having another AE get credit and commission credit for a large deal they did not do any work on. This impacts the moral, work environment, and obviously commission. Management often overlooks doing the right thing and being inflexible."
5016,"Inconsistent people practices - Too many sales leaders in here are focused only on deals and volume of metrics versus quality work, what's best for the customer, and their people. What about the hearts and minds people, you just might be surprised. Relatively weak enablement - our own instance is a mess and not optimized for us to truly succeed the way we should be. I shouldn't be embarrassed to show my cluttered configuration. Compensation appears to be getter lower and lower around me - only a few appear to be making great money, the rest end up either just ok, but more frequently I'm hearing that other AE's have to take on debt in their so called ""Dreamjob"". Am I next? Give us back some reasonable territory please."
5021,I have honestly nothing negative to say.
5048,"The priorities are constantly changing. I am no longer surprised to receive an email concerning yet another re-org and more VPs moved around and targets changed. Company seems unwilling to make difficult decisions to fix systemic tech issues. In particular, several senior leaders have joined from Microsoft over the last few years. They seem more interested in power moves and self gain than any actually inspiring and making sound decisions. It's a total mess for those doing the actual work."
5053,"Sometimes a boys club and the company doesn't enforce the ""no-asshole"" rule. A few people are more motivated by politics or what's in it for them and aren't willing to step up and do what's right for the company or the team. This is probably true everywhere, but it's disappointing that at sfdc these people end up getting rewarded."
5066,"Bad managers thrive creating terrible and deep differences between departments and culture. Extremely difficult for an employee to seek help or remediation from bad situations - ""star"" executives trump any negativity surrounding them. No performance management process which leads to discretionary and highly subjective annual reward and comp process. No long term plan and huge disconnects between finance, real estate, and business groups. Rapid employee growth without thought leading to high OpEx and zero profit."
5072,Salesforce tends to acquire with little emphasis on actually integrating behind the scenes outside of the products - something exacerbated by them acquiring Demandware when the dust of Demandware acquiring Tomax hadn't yet settled. The Salt Lake City office has a very different vibe than other Demandware or Salesforce locations. There are some passive aggressive personalities in it due to some painfully obvious coddling by prior (and some present) management. Many hold job titles that are not at parity with industry guidelines and somehow think that they are 'special' when they wouldn't survive a month in that role elsewhere. People tend to withhold information whether it's dodging questions they know the answers to or refusing to document things because they view themselves as more valuable with secrets locked in their heads. For the technical professional who wants to come in and get things accomplished the SLC office culture will wear on you. It is the opposite of collaborative except for a few key people working hard to change the dynamic.
5075,"Zero - Just one thing for those that do not like accountability. If you don't like being held accountability to delivering results, this is not the place for you"
5081,There is a political bent to executive leadership that can rub some employees the wrong way.
5083,"New AEs or people considering coming to dot org – there is a caveat and buyer beware! It’s starting to feel like a sink-or-swim culture with so many new people coming onboard. I’ve been asked to work with numerous new AEs as they stepped into their role since fall/December of 2018. It’s become very clear that we are not taking the right steps to onboard them. New AEs are overwhelmed with the boundless options and tools we give them. Not to mention, for December hires, their RVPs were busy closing FY ’19 business, so our most vulnerable new hires were left to fend for themselves. Hopefully, they’ll get RVP support once FY ’20 kicks off. Bottom line: our intentions are good, but our execution fails them. It’s interesting that we constantly, almost self-righteously, talk about “the pace of Salesforce” as if it’s a badge of honor that only a few can achieve. Most new AEs coming into higher ed want to achieve and catch onto this pace right away. However, unfortunately we’re sabotaging their success by everything we throw at them (and again, often without RVP support). The enablement and RVP teams need to do better jobs of sequencing and blocking off the new hire content. Instead, we are throwing everything plus the kitchen sink at them – all at once – and expecting them to make sense of it all. No wonder I get panic-stricken phone calls and text messages at all hours of the day/night from rookies. Many RVPs are telling down their throats for answers, yet we haven’t paced their learning. In our current state of onboarding, I don’t know if even I could make it through this process given the “throw-it-all-at-them” approach we now take."
5084,Politics and stress do exist like anywhere.
5099,Growing Bureaucracy Fear of raising your hand with suggestions or problems Inefficiency
5102,"Constantly changing, policies are not explicitly verbalized"
5112,"Reorgs happen frequently making it difficult to get in a groove with a consistent management structure (or even team members). Too many projects are done in haste without a long term vision or evaluation of what would be the best approach for maximizing success. It's difficult to advance with all of the hiring and reorg changes. A popular saying is that ""we are building the plane while it is in the air"". That's not always a good thing."
5119,"Management - Many Managers, Few Leaders - Moral is low. Few are making quota. Micro management is pervasive. Management wants to own all the deals and tell AE's what to do and how to do it. There is no trust in the AE's ability to drive a deal to close. Management attempts to drive rep behavior by fear and focusing too much on the volume of activity. There is a lack of focus on being out in territory vs volume of remote calls / meetings. Management needs to do a better job of using the app to reference next steps and activity. AE's are asked to repeat what is already in the app and often a waste of time and meetings. Quota Attainment and Resources - Very few people are hitting quota and throwing more bodies at the problem is not solving it. We are short of SE's and SE management. We have way too many co-primes units and need to dissolve the service cloud co-prime role. GB and Select comp plan is not aligned to a ""monthly cadence"" and only can make , few people are achieving quota and management is terrible. Management constantly complaining to reps about activity, expense reports or closed business. Monthly cadence for sales isn't aligned to the comp plan for GB and Select roles. A lot of politics. Limited Work Life Balance and Always on Call - We are not doctors or solving the world's most important problems. We are sales reps for a tech company. We should not be on call every night, weekend and on PTO. Reps are NOT encourage to take time away to re-energized and refocus. When reps try to take time off, they are getting daily emails from management. Managers Get Unlimited PTO / Reps Get Very Limited PTO - Managers not get unlimited PTO due to a policy change in April 2017 where Director level and above (management) get unlimited PTO, Meanwhile AE reps are limited to about 2 weeks of PTO and still filling out weekly time sheets! Everyone should be on the same policy - unlimited PTO. Credit on Deals - Another example of the politics and toxic culture is having another AE get credit and commission credit for a large deal they did not do any work on. This impacts the moral, work environment, and obviously commission. Management often overlooks doing the right thing and being inflexible."
5122,"Over engineering things at times, some teams and managers are terrible to work with. People in some teams do a lot of politics, and managers conceal problems and do not admit them. After the recent orgwide change to hybrid engineering, felt that some managers from the former QE background are extremely incompetent to manage a scrum team - particularly ones with developers that have been too long with one team. Rather than solving the problems with the team, and addressing concerns with team dynamics, managers are just political and focus on purely increasing velocity."
5130,HUGE!! therefore slightly hard to gauge opportunities to move up..
5135,- lower level management is poor in regards to management skills - weak H.R department when it comes to representing employees concerns - a TON of politics to deal with
5139,"Depending on your position, there can be a lot of mandatory training/certifications and not all of them are actually applicable to your everyday job. This isn't a big con, more of a minor annoyance that we all learn to live with."
5143,"Lots of politics (both internal and, of course, external) almost all of which revolve around left-wing ideologies. Sometimes, support from supervisors can be hit or miss. Easy to get into a rut where monotony kicks in. Sometimes advancement opportunities can be lost because managers don't actually want to promote from within."
5144,"The only con is the fast pace of the environment... not necessarily a con, but it is easy to fall behind if you don't prioritize your time."
5147,"Can not think of any tons really. Based in San Francisco, so commute will be bad if you are traveling from s bay"
5148,"This was the worst job I've ever had. Management talks down to you like I haven't been doing this for 10 years (and my boss has less experience with half the success).... And I was #1 on my team and #11 in the country. They claim compensation is great but when based in Atlanta you get the most bottom of the barrel accounts and this means everything (you have to deal with it). I've never worked so hard for a $2K deal... in. my. life. In my previous life, I never glimpsed at anything under $100K. That was for newer reps. If you sell a $100K deal, you will be at the top for the month and everyone freaks out. So what this means.... what they say you will get paid is a FAR stretch from reality. I was above my number and didn't make what they claimed because when I got my sales compensation package there are all these other factors. Therefore, I made SIGNIFICANTLY less here than my last job. The base was higher but that was it. I'm a hunter and have always been one. Here, it does NOT make sense to focus on hunting because you get new accounts every year and for a prospect to switch CRM's this decision isn't made overnight. Don't let the recruiter tell you otherwise. Trust me. Every current client that I did get, I had to do damage control from previous reps trying to squeeze every dollar out of them. The previous sales reps had their own agenda and it really hurt our clients. Because you get new accounts each year, the previous reps didn't care about the future. They did whatever it took to get $ and then dumped the client. I spent the first 6 months trying to get our clients not to leave us. The office is LOUD because the desk are on top of each other with no sound barriers and all the conference rooms are booked. Clients made many comments about the background noise and it's embarrassing."
5158,#1 advice- get used to change!
5165,"Paths to promotions can be a bit of a ""grey area,"" in which politics seems to play a large part. Fast-paced environment means that there can be an overwhelming number of firedrills. High-up decisions sometimes seem to be made on a whim."
5169,Too much annoying bureaucracy. Your tenure at the company dictates how valuable your ideas are instead of its merit. Huge technical debt and age old technical stack. Code takes few hours to compile and is terrible. Most of the developers are fresh grads or been with the company for an extensive period of time. Engineering executives are non-technical but have been with the company for a long time. Lot of QA folks have been promoted to Director and Sr. Directors as they did a good job buttering up the executives. Too much title inflation in Product and Engineering. Hectic work life balance in San Francisco HQ. Change in Direction of the Product and Reorgs happen almost every few weeks. Mediocre developers keep on changing groups in the Open Opportunity Market and still survive.
5174,"Lots of posturing, no trust and micro management. If you are not in the office they think you're not working even though the position is customer facing sales. They hire young and the arrogant and if you happen to be older (35+ ) you will not fit in especially if you have a family."
5180,The company's big and it's hard to know everything that's happening.
5190,"Only Product jobs are in Indy. Comp is only great if you live in the Midwest, if you're hired to work in a remote office be prepared to work with clients of similar skills sets that will make a lot more than you. Benefits are not equal per locale, some offices get parking, food, gyms, subway passes, etc. Simply because that's the bare min to acquire people in that locale, too bad for you if you don't live there. PTO is really poor compared to our parent company SalesForce Benefits are not up to par with our parent company SalesForce, try to find ET benefits and then find SF benefits. You'll notice ET's benefits are impossible to find and SF brags about theirs. That should be your sign. If you're assigned to SOW in Services or Support, there is little to no incentive to move you into something challenging. Most changes are done because of attrition as the organization are pretty flat outside of product. Salary bands don't exist, or if they do they are very lax. It's common someone on your team negotiated really hard and someone just took a college entry job. HR still doesn't have a classification for all skill sets in the field. SaaS margins puts a huge amount of pressure within Support/Services orgs, teams are currently being forced to find ways to offshore aspect of their work to India."
5195,"Base pay will be lower than their competitors. You'll be expected to work long hours, a lot of overtime and practically live there at the end of each month and quarter. Hard to obtain quotas, but you'll get no sympathy if you speak up or ask for support. It's a machine...a hard-core, cold-calling environment. Your phone WONT ring just because they're ""Salesforce"", despite what they'll feed you in your interview. If you're headed there...prepare for the stress and long nights!"
5201,Only complaint is that it can get political sometimes - all about the brand
5202,undefined measures for promotions - can be less of a meritocracy in some departments.
5220,"-Some engineers who are at and above principal/architect levels have antiquated skill sets and (strongly) tend to stick to the old ways of doing things, which can clog the fresh ideas. When a word comes from the people with these job titles, it can carry more weight, and sway the product decisions toward old ways keeping the company from trying out new things"
5223,"I was sexually harassed by my direct manager (who later tried to have me written up for inappropriate conduct). I was repeatedly harassed by my next manager for years. He would belittle me and chastise me, call me out for doing something wrong even though I was the top seller. HR did nothing when I came to them, the head of the department said I ""stressed him out"" to hear about these problems."
5249,Salesforce is now a well-oiled machine. Rules of engagement make it nearly impossible to do your job and most territories/patches have been saturated. They are also now putting more AE's in territory.
5254,Too big a company to make some real change or big impact
5255,"While the culture is great, there is a burn out factor...most likely because of tough patches, still large company with growing pains. Opportunities exist within for sure but limited in some aspects. Must be in office (if not in Enterprise), especially if you want to move into management role."
5257,"An unbelievable amount of information to learn before truly becoming effective, not really a ""con"", simply a fact of life."
5262,"Higher up management seem to be missing the reality of what occurs, but the managers do bring this to them at times."
5270,"Some disconnect between senior management and the workers (like every company). Lack of integration between products makes product development frustrating because we constantly fight fires while trying to improve the product. One or the other has to give all the time. Every employee event feels a little weird with Hawaiian music, Buddhist prayers and cartoon mascots. The outside reputation of Salesforce being a cult are far overstated, but it does feel like the culture overall is a bit hodgepodge and unfocused. While promotions are frequent, it's a very flat organization, so there isn't a ton of room for upward mobility. Most people just get a ""Senior"" or ""Director"" slapped to their title, and then if you want more, it's either lateral or out. The problem is that lateral moves are kind of limited without learning an entirely new job function."
5275,"New AE product enablement is embarrassingly bad. The first 12 months are sink or swim, and aside from self-enabling yourself, the territories are hit or miss. Sales reps that have crushed their quota at other companies often struggle due to poor territory carves and slow enablement ramp time. Furthermore, Marketing Cloud basically acts as its own company within Salesforce. Collaboration with the CRM business is weak at best, and Marketing Cloud's biggest competitor has been its own internal solution, Pardot. Last, sales managers here are mostly just that, managers. True leaders in management are few and far between. For example, struggling AEs are mostly on their own to figure it out, which is resulting in higher AE turnover."
5281,"Stale systems, low stock compensation, finance role can be slow moving and lacking in innovation. Interview process is often rushed"
5285,Stingy about giving RSU. There is no incentive for folks to stay in Salesforce if their compensation is falling behind.
5286,"Zero Growth. No Internal Opportunities. Out of 10 roles one applies internally, you get selected for none. If you are lucky to get an interview - the scrutiny is so severe that you wonder - what did I do in Salesforce for so many years that one needs to still prove their worth!"
5287,Have to always be mindful of not saying the wrong thing
5289,No cons at this stage
5307,No cons at this stage
5310,"Big corporation: You need to pay a lot of attention to the metrics, you cant really change things, your territory can affect your result quite a lot (but to be fair they are trying to be fair about it), extremely difficult to hit OTE in the first years, not much support or marketing materials for non-US small business sales"
5311,1. Politics in marketing cloud. 2. Senior directors doing things on a whim. Resorting to favouritism. 3. Toxic culture in the Hyderabad office.
5312,No Downsides are there present
5329,No concerns as of now
5338,smaller regional office are overlooked
5344,Can get political and bureaucratic
5350,Do not support intercompany movement
5355,"Let us travel again, it's ok to take a few risks :-) (writen towards the end of the pandemic)"
5359,"Excessive politics in promotions, poor work life balance"
5361,- Salaries not very competitive compared to the market - Career progression is often difficult to obtain - Too processy
5362,No concerns as of now
5363,Nothing as such It's just the role is of support so if you are okay with it then it's fine
5383,"EGOS. From what I experienced, most people work here because they want to be able to tell other people that they work here. Ultimately giving them an ego boost. I felt like I was living in a simulation. An ornament. Most of the people at SFDC are smart, but brainwashed, and not smart enough to realise. Lots of people doing jobs that aren't necessary, and it's kind of sad and depressing because they think they're actually doing something meaningful and contributing to something, when in reality they're really not, and just ticking a manager's box. Also, tall poppy syndrome is still rife in certain teams in the Melbourne office especially, and is why your top talent resigns and your egos are so big that it takes you over a year to accept it........................................................."
5390,"lots of politics, too many social activities"
5394,Too many changes Career progression not clear & slow
5400,Territories vary and impact your ability to hit targets
5406,Seems overly complex reporting structure
5413,Have no concerns. All good so far.
5421,The way they manage people in Marketing Cloud is a toxic legacy from the Exact Target days. Bullying and threats are common place.
5426,Pay and expectations do not match
5429,"Apart from the mentioned executives you have a lot of execs fighting to build their empires. Some are good but those below are doing anything to be noticed. Salesforce used to have a great culture but lost this a long time ago due to hiring talent from slow beurocratic red tape enterprises such as Oracle. They used to say they dont want to be the next Oracle but that is exactly where they have gone. Leadership within the support organization specifically is appalling, no vision, no care for employees and very blame oriented. No accountability from global support execs all they care about is ensuring if something goes wrong they can shift blame. This has resulted in a toxic environtment. That along with most new support roles being only hired in their India offices is leading to a poor experience from employees elsewhere and customers are suffering for it also with unhappy employees. This is not to say there are not some great departments but support is certainly not one of them, stay out of the support organization."
5437,Shrinking territories to sell into
5441,"Sales is sales and with a resetting quota at the end of every month, you have to be prepared to reset at $0 and do it all over again. Even though we get 19 Days off in the first year, it's hard to take time off because the less you work, the less you make. Company is growing from a startup to a major corporation - that growth means there are a lot of things that are changing and you hear about the ""good old days"" a lot - as if you missed out on how things used to be (not pre pandemic, I mean like 10 years ago) and things have changed a lot."
5461,Too much pressure on numbers with no understanding about how other countries are economically at the moment. Expectations that are too high. Poor work life balance.
5463,No fair recruitment process. All backdoor policy. It doesn’t matter what you know than who you know especially in Hyderabad salesforce office
5473,"Very forecast driven job, not able to deep dive on one topic"
5475,Horrible management Worst leadership Toxic culture Very political and unhealthy peers No proper training
5486,people that makes no sense but have the authority.
5490,treat new comers with contempt there is no real management support due to fast pace tedious work in a Machiavellian environment
5491,too many pros to report.
5492,Some of the older employees have a great sense of entitlement and huge egos and treat newer folks unfailrly. Some groups go nuts following the internal agile development methodology actually ending up being less effective. Too many layers of management creeping in as the company grows leading to excessive bureaucracy and politics.
5498,growing pains - small start up corporate culture often clashes with big company growth
5503,"This place grew to fast too soon and tripled the # of employees in as many years. Coming from a big4 consulting background I was excited when I first joined. Only to find a hige divide between the techies(Platform) and the traditional(CRM) types. Internally they are afraid of each other and it is somewhat cannibalistic. Techies will find the CRM types are outdated, don't hava a clue and find it hard to adapt to the pure cloud vision. This place is good to get on your resume. Learn there technologies and hit the independent road if you want to make some real money in this over-hyped cloud/Saas market. Management is clueless and career development by a mentor is a joke as many legacy people are from the CRM space just trying not to get fired so they can hold on to their stock options. Their best employees go independent to tap the market while it is still hot. The spineless remain. Oh, did I mention the politics?"
5512,Some politics. You have to have big wins in order to gain credibility. Small advancements often go completely unnoticed.
5520,"The Support Organization is led by less-than-capable management, starting from the very top. Management styles here rely on scare tactics to try and keep you producing at 120%. Too many managers doing nothing but ""managing""; too few people doing the ""real"" work. Too much hype, too little substance. Absolutely no work-life balance."
5525,"On the verge of becoming a larger company. As such, trying to balance encouraging entrepreneurship with requirements of scaling as a large enterprise. A lot of snap decisions are made in terms of business goals, metrics and expectations without discussion of a larger roadmap on the departmental level or larger business context."
5527,"The company needs to centralize their focus on competitors, it appears at times we are spreading the resources too thin by trying to invite all takers."
5531,"Lack of process, planning is poor in some areas. Some people in management believe that we are still a startup, which can be limiting. Staffing is lean and staff are very, very busy!"
5535,Middle management needs improvement Internal career growth has not be good - I see a lot of hiring of middle management from outside instead of growing internal people Priority changes frequently at the lower level even with a clear big picture at the top Lots of political land mines to navigate Work life balance is given lip service but must be defended by the individual (probably related to poor middle management)
5537,"politics the highs are great, but the lows are very low it's an you're in or you're out culture getting large management not engaged in growing careers"
5539,"-Entitlement feeling among the very young sales staff is a joke -Everyone want to be promoted to Director but doesn't want to do the work. They see others in Director roles ""delegating"" work to other. -No option for part-time work for new parents if you are an exempt employee. -OBSESSED with ""Best Place to work"" list. Everything seems to have an underlying motive, not genuine"
5551,"Politics. Its the downside of the company. Middle management is all about self advancement. They pretend to care and listen to the employees, but don't really."
5554,"...once the ""money factor"" wears off, it becomes a political grind versus being a motivated culture based on acheivement."
5555,"-Like some people have said, the priorities change too much -Not much opportunity for career growth after two to three years"
5556,-management's short attention span -culture of unrealistic expectations -prioritization changes too rapid to keep up with
5558,"terrible middle-management, bullying of employees protected by HR, ability to get ahead rests solely on having a corporate ""sponsor"" internally (you get it) , bait and switch on territories, territories always very unequal even though they claim that they are all equal, high turnover has resulted in employees being given $10,000 spiffs this year for all hired sales referals - they claim this is due to growth but it is because AEs are often miserable, given an impossible job with an absurd quota, bullied until they experience physical and mental health problems (see ALL of the other reviews and associated comments posted here - click on the comments after each review, there are dozens or these reports), and then shown the door. you are either part of the ""old school"" crowd here who was with the company pre-IPO so like 5+ years at the company, or you are having a personal relationship with someone in management who is ""taking care of you,"" and then you are given preferential treatment i.e. vacation days not being tracked by your manager, cash-cow best territory year after year, etc. etc. ** OR YOU ARE NOT ** ... in which case you will probably not last here for more than 1-2 years, and probably not that long, because you will be treated poorly, given a territory that Benioff himself couldnt sell into (think rural Indiana and Idaho) and completely miserable. I can't count the # of AEs who fled this place in the 2009 timeframe - dozens. If you are crazy enough to take a job here, be sure you get the exact territory you will be covering written down as part of accepting the job offer - the bait and switch to lure people in here is well-known. You will be promised Chicago and leave your current job, get in the door, take your seat, and be given Louisiana (the boss' girlfriend will end up getting Chicago and no one will remember that you got told you were getting the Windy City - plus the boss' BF probably works in HR so no one to turn to in order to complain). Further, read ALL of the other reviews and comments here on Glassdoor.com - specifically the comments. Again there is a reason this company is giving out 10k referal bonuses to all employees who refer a salesperson who gets hired - and the employee(s) there will tell you how wonderful it is - they're desperate for new people to take the crap jobs so the AEs currently there get the good ones .... and the AEs want the 10k bonus for submitting your resume. They're so greedy for it - its all over LinkedIn constantly. PS - Don't believe the Forbes average salary hype either - that salary figure includes a tiny percentage of Sr. AEs who make $1M plus per year. Countless AEs didnt make jack above their base salary last year - ask about this. And if you get pushed out .... DO NOT LET THEM TALK YOU INTO SIGNING THEIR LEGAL WAIVERS TO PROTECT THEMSELVES"
5564,Too much politics and people in roles they shouldn't be in
5565,-they'll work you to death if you let them -VERY political -work/life balance does not exist
5566,"beware being perceived as ""too radical"" (trying to innovate here) in your proposals to management. it will limit your career incredibly fast."
5567,Decision making is still done through silos
5569,"Politics Beware of Mid & senior level managers. They spend a lot of time trying to get projects, even if it mean screwing people who report to them. Unless you have a sugar daddy in management, don't expect promotions !!!"
5571,"Too many gunners, not enough true team players. Most middle management are terrible people managers...they are really high-level individual contributors who are just thrown into those roles."
5576,"- Established company with startup expectations for its employees. Overtime is expected, double and triple loading of duties on one person is normal. - High level of ""internal marketing"". A great deal of effort is spent in pushing the latest company kool-aid to the employees. Often difficult to tell fact from fiction, even for in-the-know insiders. - Highly political work environment. Prepare to be stabbed in the back for no particular reason. Prepare for nasty knife fights over resources and head count. Prepare for the frequent ""executive drive by"", where a so-called SVP of Strategy will saunter over and smile while he drops a grenade in your lap. - Constant restructuring. My first year I reported to 5 difference direct reports, due to restructuring of where our group ""belonged"". - There is a clique culture of old-timers. Often referred to as ""Marc direct hires"", which is code for ""untouchable"". Craggy rocks you need to navigate around in order to get things done."
5585,"Long hours, Low base, No Path to move up"
5601,"* Ridiculous performance review process. This doesn't affect growth potential, it's just a ridiculous headache. * V2MOM - corporate acronym uselessness"
5605,"The monthly quota can burn people out. At times it feels like a burnout but then again, if we factor in the nature of sales in general, it's not bad. I can see the upside. Sales can be difficult especially in a recession however, with a product that people use, and talk about, I'm not too concerned."
5608,lack of to move laterally
5626,"-Decisions are solely made my middle management and never includes the feedback of the team -Incompetent managers who should stick to selling -Management will take polls and votes and BLATANTLY go against the popular vote. Why vote? politics, politics, politics -Talks about being a hip progressive company, but C'mon, having to dress up EVERYDAY for inside sales?? -Cutthroat competitive atmosphere--prevents some good sales people from succeeding. -Sales managers don't do any real work. They don't sell or get involved in deals or support their team, just send out snapshots of everyone's performance. -Politics, politics, politics -Brown nosing is absolutely required. Numbers don't speak for themselves -HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE/SUPPORT--trust me. I can go on and on."
5627,"The politics in play prevent you from doing your job. You are not recognized for performance, and there are limited opportunities for growth. Salesforce overworks and underpays employees in key roles while rewarding employees in roles that are less critical. You are subjected to trial by fire with little or no management support."
5631,"sickening politics, lousy middle managers, too many incompetent young people in senior roles, too many people doing no work. yes, there about a third of this company doesn't have a job description and doesn't do any real work. There are VPs with no direct reports. yes, believe it or not. if you are starting your career, go some place else. mid career workers with blue chip experience elsewhere, this might be a place to come in and institute some discipline."
5632,"1. Any signed contract whether in sales, technology or consulting is most likely bait and switch. Consulting : Promised 90 days ramp up. Given: 30 due to needs. Result: Project failure, bullying by staff over lack of knowledge. Denial: ""We give our staff plenty of training to succeed in their jobs"". Result: Customers not satisfied with deliverables because new consultants can not succeed with training; attrition. Technology: Big red letters on ramp up page. ""If you want to take a day off to take care of your kid, thats called PTO"". So beware those sorry people who have children. Expect 9pm exits from work most days. Sales: Promised territories, good prospects, etc. Reality used car sales. Micro deals that burns you out. They rotate you to a new territory every 6 months so you never get comfortable. Poor client relations skills because Sales Manager or SE manager is always in room watching you. Ive seen better treatment at my Chevy dealer of the reps who atleast are comfortable in their pants. SRs who even show an emotion or personality are singled out from the mindless phone dialers who cold call prospects. No vacation. You'll get an email from your manager asking where you are or at best be able to only take 1 weeks vacation."
5638,"Oh how to list these. Senior Management needs to stop worshiping itself and actually run the company and stop being a yes man to Marc B. If he farts, they say, oh Marc, it smells like Teen Spirit. No, honestly, that idea doesn't stink at all. Marketing is a sink hole of money at salesforce. They've pretty much promoted the CMO from within, when others wouldn't come aboard to run the department. While I was there, all they managed to hire was a slew of VP's and Directors into marketing. So for marketing, I would say it's very, very top heavy, with no one to do the actual work. They have this thing called a V2MOM that should be eliminated. No one follows it, no one understands it, and how can you follow it when it changes all the time."
5640,Growing very fast-changes sometimes happen too quickly
5648,"Sometimes a boys club and the company doesn't enforce the ""no-asshole"" rule. A few people are more motivated by politics or what's in it for them and aren't willing to step up and do what's right for the company or the team. This is probably true everywhere, but it's disappointing that at sfdc these people end up getting rewarded."
5655,Somewhat short term focused and inconsistent
5658,Technology is outdated. Things move super slowly.
5659,Interview process is not reasonable.
5662,"1. From top to bottom 95% of employee in Hyderabad are Telgu. In the team meeting , desk every where they talk in Telgu. No one follow office etiquette and makes the culture toxic. 2. If you are a non-telgu employee your life will be hell here. They will assign more work to you and during appraisal telgu employee will get more hike % , stocks, promotion everything and a non-telgu guy have to listen blame and bad feedback. They will sideline you in all aspect. 3. You can't raise your concern to the HR or ethics department because there also telgu management and at the end they will prove that you are wrong. 4. Managers and Recruiters will highly exploit the employee Referral program . They will only refer and hire there known person to add more Telgu person in the team. No transparency in hiring and stopping the right talent to come in. I am not targeting or blaming Telgu people here but it is the people who are making the culture more Toxic here. Non-telgu will be minority highly exploited community here."
5663,"1. Some teams work is very boring, no growth at all. 2.Stock is given for first 4 years only, stock refreshers are not given to below PMTS role which is why people leave the company after 4 years. 3.Some product managers spoil the culture but nothing to do with the company culture."
5674,I don't think there is any negative towards the company
5690,No proper channel to raise concerns
5692,Pressure Targets Nothing more I can think
5711,There are no cons at SF
5715,It's a big business; there is an increasing focus on process over people. If you really want to make a difference here you probably need to be in a more senior role.
5725,NFT Cloud seems like a bad idea Working remotely at such a large company can make it difficult to find the right people and resources and know the right processes and protocols
5728,"aggressive sales targets, lots of pressure to hit your number"
5729,"Moving to fast, sometimes stumbling"
5753,"Heavy hierarchy, difficult when you come from an aquisition"
5754,The lifts are scary if you are afraid of heights.
5759,High-stress selling environment. Unreasible quotas. Territory changed dramatically yet the revenue target was not adjusted accordingly.
5762,High-stress selling environment. Unreasible quotas. Territory changed dramatically yet the revenue target was not adjusted accordingly.
5773,"Politics at leadership is relentless. Landscapes can change over night with senior leaders getting fired and new leadership coming in and throwing everything out of the window including nearly approved promotions for top talent and hiring decisions. Ohana is a lie. DE&I eye wash , lots of talk never practiced. Senior Management practices everything that others are taught not to do like hiring only friends and family to senior roles, not being transparent and not focusing on people's careers. There is no scope for growth unless you're in the club, so be prepared to be where you are for years with no work life balance and constant pressure. Attrition"
5779,Politics - poor management from direct managers
5780,quite toxic culture lots of drinking
5784,Need faster decision making process and lesser levels
5788,nothing bad to mention here
5792,You're just a number Politics Red tape
5797,"Bureaucratic, lots of politics in a leadership role"
5816,A hellish place to work for those who did not want to work. Many people had mental problems due to lack of recognition and hard work.
5821,Poor middle management Poor opportunity to make target
5838,Politics are front and center. The woke activists graduated from university and now run the show. Anyone deviating even slightly from the leftist narrative is deemed problematic.
5853,Large company with slow recruiting
5855,"You don't really have much say in your success as an AE unfortunately. Leadership will literally tell you Territory, Timing, Talent. What they don't tell you is, unless you are not executing, only 10% of that goes towards talent. Some of the worst AEs have destroyed numbers and some of the best not get those opportunities. Company is also reluctant to move people to different teams or verticals, making it difficult to move up or move over to better fits. They have an 18 month wait requirement between positions."
5860,"If someone is hesitant to change and prefers a predictable 9-5 schedule, Salesforce may not be the best fit."
5867,Technical culture is struggling to stay current. Change comes slow at most big companies but this is the slowest I've seen. Technical culture is very conservative. Fear of making a mistake paralyzes teams from taking action.
5874,not really any con from my perspective
5878,"Be aware of illegal, unethical hiring practices - after the interview process, I was offered the job. Was immediately pressured into ""signing by EOD"" and to resign from my current role - despite getting the offer at 6 PM. After reviewing the contract; I noticed major discrepancies in the verbal vs. written offer in salary/PTO. I called to ask for clarification and the offer was immediately pulled - less than 48 hours after it was extended -- as a direct consequence of ""asking questions"". Bizarre, appalling, and entirely illegal (pressuring a candidate to sign under duress, breach of contract, etc) and unethical practice. Be prepared with a good lawyer if you want to work here. FYI- went through 4 rounds of interviews- initial screening with HR, then hiring manager, a panel interview team, then a case study."
5885,"Overtly liberal, Overlap of resources and practices, NO SOPs"
5892,Not the best out there
5896,"Stressful, unthankful and the wrong people getting promoted"
5903,A lot of pressure to hit monthly forecast
5907,Small fish in big bond
5909,Promotions are virtually impossible. Make sure to enter at the highest level possible
5910,"Large company, can't control everything that happens"
5922,A lot of pressure to hit monthly forecast
5923,"The company has gotten very large, and it's hard to find your place in it sometimes, or effect meaningful systemic change."
5927,Management will lie to you
5930,"If you don’t like change, self improvement or hustle this is not the company for you."
5951,"Inexperienced management, no desire to advance, red tape"
5960,Communications - hard to sift through what is relevant for the job function. Too much information could be hard to digest for some.
5961,Dream job is an utopia. Laid off with other 1k or 2k people after 5 years of honored service. Don’t think SF will be on your side. Don’t believe the ohana culture. Only marketing scam.
5964,Cult-like culture; poor management - groups like platform led by fear and intimidation; decisions not data driven; inflation of titles causes lots of people in leadership that are not equipped to do their roles; there’s a huge backstabbing and political culture. They say customers and employees are priorities but there is no evidence to support any of this - in fact it is quite the opposite. Leadership is so out of touch with people and customers and the world that they constantly disappoint.
5973,People will backstab you without a question. Re Org Constantly and no choice of where you work or who your boss is. They preach Ohana and family..but if I had family that treated me like this I would not consider them family. You have 0 input unless your suck up or sr mgmt. Your opinion will not matter no matter what. SCRUM LOL - they don't even know what the word is or even Agile for that matter. It's so stupid
5987,"Too structured, lots of hoops to jump through"
5988,I have no negative sentiment
6010,"Roadmap sometimes is unclear IT policies are a pain to work with Big company, so sometimes it's hard to find information you need"
6018,"Not all managers are supportive of internal movement. They need to learn that people are not property. If someone is ready to move on to a different role, they will do regardless, if not within they'll leave the company. It's sad to see how much great talent has left salesforce in the last couple of year because of lack of support for internal movement. Also, salary increase with promotions are often not fair -- the salary is often increased by percentage of an employees' current salary and not necessarily what the new role is actually worth and valued in the market. This is making many internal employees feel less valued and increasing the chances for attrition."
6022,"Not a con, but if you can't handle a fast pace environment, this may not be the place for you."
6026,Territory carving is a mess. Veterans have the lions share of accounts- install and whitespace yet all AEs have the same quota. Small percentage of AEs actually make OTE....if you do then you're in Club! I'd rather have a real shot at hitting OTE!! Multiyear bookings result in a higher quota the following year that actually negates any increase in year 1 compensation...why? where's the incentive
6027,There is not a lot of executive alignment in priorities and initiatives that trickle down. The impact is largest on those teams that have to implement with competing priorities and minimal resources.
6029,"SF is changing as it needs different structure and methods to grow and hit it's revenue goals. Some of the change is necessary, but there is concern that the baby may be going with the bath water."
6042,"The innovative culture is starting to be tainted by the recent ""Big Company"" feel and imported Sr. Management from Oracle. Very hard driving culture leads for little to no work/life balance."
6047,"It's a company for sales people who sell to sales people. While it's not cut throat, it does require a level of social agility to be successful."
6049,"Unfair/low pay for some high for others Management plays too many games - making false promises for promotion and pay raise with job offers they WILL NOT hold Unexperienced middle management perpetrate poor management style For employees needing sponsorship - they put a hold on my green card application for about 6 months with no explanation Not challenging work, not much learning nor growth No cutting edge technology or industry standard (mostly proprietary stuffs) Depending on the team, people can be very cut-throat Overall this is an environment where people are afraid to take risks because any mistake can and likely will be used against you"
6050,"Culture promotes self-preservation, finger-pointing and shirking responsibility for failure. Cutthroat, uncollaborative, immature management -- diminishing from the EVP level down."
6053,Growth engine so they are hiring a ton of people. Wall Street doesn't care about profits as long as the growth is there. Too many sales reps and not enough to go around.
6056,"From the technology/infrastructure perspective, ""Trust"" (their word for security) seems to overrule anything else -- it gets in the way of work."
6069,"It's getting very political with the change of the guard to a more Oracle centric management team. Territories are thinly sliced and watered down unless you're in the good graces of your manager or the most senior person on your team, and if you're stuck with a bad one someone has to leave or get promoted for you to get a bigger slice. Work life balance is so/so...each manager determines if you can work from home with no real ""program"". Base salaries are below average in the industry."
6070,"Over the last year it’s been sad to see how drastically the company has changed. The “orange” culture is fading rapidly and key employees who cashed-out on stock options are jumping ship for better opportunities. Prominent executives recently left the company and top talent is leaving in droves. A massive restructuring is in order and I suspect that others will follow suit once the fiscal year ends and annual bonuses are paid out to employees. If you work out of the Indy office, you can sense the heightened frustration from those around you. Employees are overworked, underpaid, and have huge unrealistic quotas hung over their heads (with shrinking sales territories). What used to be a company driven by young, ambitious, entrepreneurial talent, is slowly turning into a company motivated by corporate greed and pleasing Wall Street. Two years ago, things were very different but now it is much harder to get promoted, receive a pay raise, or advance your career vertically. ET is very demanding and is notorious for promoting the same people (Director level and above) over and over again. Rarely will you see someone without an MBA or Director-level title, get promoted (unless they brown-nose like crazy)."
6071,"Salesforce operates on the verge of Chaos. They act like a $3M company when its really a $3B company. Very little thought of planning goes in to anything. This drives a culture of groups just doing ""something"". This drives tons of inefficiency and work done for nothing. The company is extremely hierarchical. Asking questions or participating in the process is frowned upon. The top dogs of a group make a decision and its just go do it. There is no seat at the table for discussion."
6072,"corporate politics (as you will likely find anywhere) can be draining I am in the Sales organization and they really try to funnel you up in Sales and don't encourage cross-department transitions Sometimes felt under-valued, disposable"
6073,"Small territories, nepotism, highly political, short sighted goals and management, in the office 8-6pm. Do not go there if you have some sales experience as they heavily favor existing sales people."
6074,"""Fillers"". I call them ""fillers"" because that's what they are...people that were hired in haste to simple fill roles in an organization that is growing so fast, they had to be hired quickly. While they may have gone through multiple rounds of interviews, it seems there are many execs that got through that shouldn't have and are just filling a role in the org chart. And they don't do s*&^. They may have had extremely successful positions at other companies, but Salesforce isn't like other companies. They only slow you down...so if you're smart and have your i's dotted and t's crossed, just go over them and it's not really looked down upon. Tomorrow. You're only as good as the deal you have committed tomorrow. Doesn't matter if you're at 200% of quota for the year 6 months into it ...that actually only amplifies what is expected of you. It's a con...but in reality...it's also not too bad...unless you're in a Sales role that isn't an AE (i.e. SE) because you're capped. Salesforce has the SE's I've ever come across in the industry, and I don't think they're treated as fairly as they should be. Marketeering. This is a new issue at Salesforce... It used to be the case that marketing & PM were in line and no one sold on futures. Over the past 12 months, that has changed...moving closer to an Oracle-like model where the vision is pitched and then they try to build it. Equity. I'm not sure who is getting it, but it isn't long term sales people. Seekingalpha? They couldn't be more wrong. Granted, the ESPP program is fantastic, but once you get beyond entry level, it would be nice to see something. It can be disheartening to hear RVP's (in 2012 I swear they only brought in people as RVP's...""What? You're an RVP of WHAT? And have no reports?!?!?"") and other new employees talking about selling their RSU's or options when they haven't really done anything for the company yet and you've committed the better part of a decade. Commit. This is probably the biggest ""Con"" at Salesforce if you're an AE or in sales. Salesforce is an accurate machine...it really is...based on the subscription model, a great portion of deferred rev is already established and known...but they want your sales opps just as accurate and mgmt will force or override you on your deals if you think differently. Territory. Don't come to Salesforce thinking you'll be able to pick and choose. It was picked over 5 years ago. You'll more than likely get something you don't want. End of discussion. While it seems like it should be the biggest ""con"", it's not. Because everything I listed in the ""Pros"" section means you will constantly have something new and innovative to sell to that minuscule territory you have that no one else can. I mentioned in the ""Pros"" section that some of the long-termers (those that have been around 10+ years) are one of the best things about the company. They ARE. There are also a handful of high level execs that just need to go...they don't do anything...they show up at meetings and say hello and leave... and you better keep your mouth shut. It sucks. Because at one time they were amazing. Now, just awful."
6077,"Oracle, oracle, oracle. This is an inside sales dream job as SFDC puts it. If you are a seasoned sales rep stay away. Managers and AVPs are ACV whores. Do not care about the customer or long term relationship. You are as good as you next months deal."
6080,"slow to change, slow releases, becoming more political"
6081,Immature Sales culture/ unreasonable expectations
6085,Lots of verification of trust. Non–competitive pay.
6089,"Growing and scaling effectively is challenging - growing quotas, shrinking patches."
6092,- Too much to learn - Not a lot of guidance in certain areas - Micro-managed in certain roles
6094,Political - Have to manage up Managers make or break you Comp Plan for variable is stupid
6099,too many changes in policies due to re-orgs.
6100,Get into the right team that fits your bill Will be working on smaller problems at a deeper level though.
6106,Lack of vision to push through large infra projects at the senior management level
6108,Too much politics and people in roles they shouldn't be in
6115,Compensation could be better Career Opportunities are vague
6121,"Culture is being diluted lately by people from places like Oracle, extra layers of management add more processes and interdepartmental hurdles."
6122,"I use to really love my sales job here at ExactTarget but I am afraid to say those days are long gone. This use to be the place the be in Indianapolis for corporate sales but it really isn’t what it use to be, perks have been cut, pay has been cut ever since SalesForce took the reigns. I was hopeful with the acquisition but it hasn't been what I had hoped at all. There's been several people who have been let go from sales and for the first time in nearly 4 years of working here I am nervous about potentially losing my job. It's really sad as a year ago I could have seen being here for a large part of my career but I guess thats tech, ever changing, and volatile. I would be cautious about taking a sales job with ExactTarget right now, they keep hiring but its because people keep leaving for better opportunities, lots of uncertainty going on, the good people are getting out and I will be leaving as soon as I find a new opportunity."
6131,If you like to work for a cut throat company and be just a number or worked for oracle before come to salesforce. I used to love this company because of their culture but the new management has destroyed it in less than 3 months. Such a shame !
6134,Not sure how we are structuring out internal organization.
6137,"Lots of change, hire from outside mentality"
6138,"Getting larger, slowing down in some ways, becoming more rule-based...losing some of the entrepreunerial culture?"
6147,"Terrible management, they #dreamjob all over everyone but morale is very low, antisocial culture"
6149,Shrinking territories and increasing expectations are becoming difficult to reconcile
6152,"- Cronyism seeping in. Growth is tied to how much you suck up to your management - Disagreements while encouraged on the surface, are dealt with serious repercussions covertly - Work-life balance is eroding thanks to inept managers - Top-down directives to teams is demoralizing"
6155,Management is confused as evidenced by all of the re-orgs.
6156,Politics can get in the way sometimes
6164,"They are hiring Account Executives so fast that managers are promising things that can't be delivered on (ie, Choice Accounts, Low Quota). After quitting your old job and signing on with Salesforce, all of those verbal promises go out the window. Quota isn't as discussed, and all the new Account Execs, regardless of experience get the shrapnel accounts. Salesforce.com sales management will say whatever you want to hear to get you in the door, after that all bets are off. If you come here, make sure you get your quota and territory list in the offer letter. If they are unwilling to do that, walk."
6173,it is competitive and people who actually do work are not valued people who know how to BS and talk a lot get promoted fast CMO does not trust directs and does not care to get to know people in marketing overwork its people for no reason
6174,"* If you're not part of the 'in crowd' when it comes to technical decisions, you're locked out * Development priorities are driven from mid-management, without technical understanding * No real path into management or lead technical roles * Constant reshuffling of technical management hierarchy; at least four times since I've been here"
6179,"high attrition, weak senior management layer"
6181,"Weak, egotitical management in certain areas Has become increasingly bureaucratic Poor integration of acquired companies Increasingly political atmosphere Company culture is suffering Ever-increasing Micromanagement"
6182,Think they function like a startup when really they are a massive corporation.
6185,"Many positions are remote - as with all companies, this can isolate some roles. Rapid growth forces organizational changes - expect them on a regular basis."
6197,"Top heavy, upper management not in sync with what is happening on the ground, too many re-orgs."
6202,"- too many teams working on the same problems, ignorant of each other - too many top-down directives that disrupt teams - too long a chain of middle management--communication between teams is ineffective or non-existent - infrastructure has not scaled with the company"
6204,"Equity and real money goes to the top in a vastly disproportionate way. Executives have disdain for equity sharing. Use M&A to mask no real internal product innovation in years. Each new generation of ""leadership"" is more manic and buzz-word fixated and insecure than the previous. Endless conversations about process, no productive output. No accountability for decision making. Decisions throughout the company are made privately and then imposed. Corporate holiday party spending is obscene. Everyone is a ""leader"" spending their time talking about process, very few are actually doing anything. Product has serious security flaws. Have not seen CEO on the floor in years New hires get dumber and dumber, are more and more scared of rocking the boat. Messengers are punished. Culture incents people to remain silent and go along with the head person's opinions. Basic cultural inability to use fact-based analysis to objectively evaluate performance or productivity. Managers use gossip to inform performance reviews. Management style throughout the company is very kabuki-ish. Obsessed with classist fear of being seen as touching technology. Employees spend more than 50% of their time socially managing their popularity collecting badges, recognitions and rewards in their gamified performance management system rather than doing their day job. Culture punishes people who say, ""No"", no matter the cost to the organization. Rewards go to the pacifiers, not the performers."
6206,"it's growing too quickly, sometimes sacrificing quantity of people for quality"
6211,"Getting too big. All of the typical issues with a large company becoming slower moving, and being a little too restrictive."
6214,Bad lower management - pals pulling pals from Oracle.
6219,"Management is not transparent, needs to hold folks accountable"
6223,Lack of clear leadership direction. Too much politics.
6232,"Salesforce boasts a great exterior perception, but the real deal is less than glamorous. The sad thing is once you’re hired, if you do want to go elsewhere, other employers wonder what’s wrong with you because of the positive perception Salesforce has. I’ve listed several reasons why I have not recommended Salesforce to my network below. Corporate monster: The company tries to stifle employee concerns with surface-level actions like weekly team-lead meetings regarding employee worries, but nothing changes. All that happens is generic and blanket corporate messages funneled back to concerned employees. It takes years to adjust concerns about quota (ie: why is my Oklahoma quota the same as a Bay Area quota? Which, by the way, is still not resolved). Non-promotions: The company touts “rapid promotion” within the sales path, but the honest truth is that the first three to five years (ie: SR, EBR, and ESB AE) are just doormat positions with little additional salary that take longer than promised to get through. Resentment: Additionally, it is a widely known fact internally that the company hires overqualified individuals at a lower level title than they deserve. This creates a consistent stream of resentment throughout the organization. General work/life balance: For SRs (Sales Reps), our stack ranking is a joke. It leads people to act so immorally and just creates more junk for other people to deal with and waste time on. Since we are stack ranked, everyone is afraid to take a vacation since that means their numbers will be behind others that take no vacation. The department tried to alter the policy saying that reps that take at least 4 days off PTO will not have to worry about that month effecting their promotion, but does not adjust their actual quota for the month (meaning your paycheck still suffers). Lovely. Go to Box or Netsuite, or another great startup-like company that will value you. I’ve recommended other companies over the one I’m currently working for time and again. That alone should speak volumes."
6235,-Too many layers of management -Recent change in culture where teams do not want to take ownership or make deciscions (too much CYA)
6237,Management team and human resources.The company is so unfocused that people do not know who or where the company is going. People join to make a difference only to find out that the company's 1:1:1 messaging is only marketing not reality.
6239,- territories are not sliced equally - too many account changes during the fiscal year - not enough sales support - base pay is way too low - restrictions on travel and expenses are getting tighter
6257,Extremely transactional Quota is hard to attain It is a political beast
6258,"Growth means growing pains. Many people sitting in folding tables. In a sense it is a good problem to have. Hiring too many senior managers who don't do the ""worker bee"" work leaving staff to pick up their slack. High level decisions that are not collaborative which at times leaves company strategy struggling."
6263,low base salary not enough personal attention
6267,- As with any big company some politics come into play. You'll have to gain visibility to move up.
6270,"The politics can be bad so some people may not enjoy that environment, but you will find it anywhere you do work"
6272,"Growing too fast and loosing it's start-up culture in the process. Unless leadership pays attention fast, the culture is going to erode into a big, slow bureaucracy. Already starting to see the coolness fading where it takes too long to launch an idea. Too many approval cycles and too much politics in ""selling your idea"" versus just taking a risk, experimenting, and iterating."
6273,"Don't expect to impact the software products in a meaningful way while you are there. What you see when you get hired in terms of software coding practices is what you'll be expected to follow. And, unfortunately, there's lots of room for improvement. If you interview here, ask specific technical questions about software best practices and you're likely to get a clever ""non-answer."" A lot of nice talk about what could be done, but nothing specific that translates into actual work quality. While the Salesforce agile approach has all the ingredients a successful team can rely on, the use of those practices is whimsical. The management puts its confidence into junior employees who don't know a thing about building quality software. The middle management is useless on projects. The senior engineers are targets that get poked at ruthlessly. The website products are passable in quality, but the other products like mobile are lame. Lots of false starts and recalled releases from what I saw/heard from those teams. The product vision for the company is unrealistic and egotistical. Management professes that it wants their applications to have an ""addictive"" quality, but they don't even know how to approach that problem. I am glad I'm not there."
6274,Sudden and consistent increase in attrition
6279,- bad management - lack of communications
6281,Climbing to the next level is difficult.. Heavy competition
6284,All the success has led to a lot of account executives in the various business segments so territories are small. It can be difficult to hit your quota numbers if you do not have a blue chip territory. Those typically go to the manager's favorites... so if you don't get along with your manager the possibility of hitting your quota drops. If you work hard though you can typically succeed there.
6285,"Engineering productivity is very low. Many top-down mandates about development practices, tooling, and technology. Priority randomization among competing impossible deadlines is normal. Mandatory infrastructure critical to development (e.g. CI/CD) is constantly changing and breaking; developers cannot proceed and may not set up alternatives."
6286,Feel isolated working remotely Not in sight not in mind effect Work Life balance sometimes issue
6289,"Besides the corporate politics you'll have to deal with and that you'll be paid significantly less than the market rate. The company has become the very thing they said they wouldn't become, they're a huge corporation now and the people outside of the top 10% of officers are only numbers to management. Don't believe in the headlines or your recruiter, at Salesforce you're nothing more than a number."
6293,Corporate ladder is hard to climb
6303,Internal process is more complicated than before.
6306,Huge Organization A lot Red Tape Work Load is aggressive
6313,Growth strategy can lead to overly aggressive sales tactics
6316,"Be prepared to have your soul sucked out from you, especially if you are affiliated in any way with Enterprise Sales in the US. It is a completely toxic environment from the top down. You will receive no support, will be constantly bullied by people who think they are the smartest in the room but have no idea how the companies they sell into actually work. Their only advice is “be strategic”, but leadership has no clue on what that even means. The group is run by politics. Run as far away from Salesforce as you possibly can if you are offered a role in enterprise, unless you want to be treated like dirt and live a completely stressed out life. It is miserable."
6322,"- Training is terrible. They throw you into the territory and don't even cover products since ""you don't need to know what they are"". - Zero work/life balance. You'll get mental health days but that's after you've been working 9 hours a day and don't even get to log overtime for it. If you want space, you have to set it and hold to it. - Less than 30% of reps hit their quota and making money is more about lucky timing with SPIFFs than it is skill."
6324,"A little ""fake"" sometimes. Wish there was more authentic communications from management"
6326,Can be process heavy at times
6337,Annoying politics in sales org Have to interview for every promotion
6348,Need to accept change and growth.
6357,"Team/environment/work-life balance depends heavily on your specific ""cloud""; some can overwork, some are so relaxed their product roadmap almost seem dead; some have little promotion opportunities; some completely ignore VTO/PTO Still many diversity gaps Options to move within the company are sometimes limited"
6358,"tough and aggressive quotas, a lot of politics in management"
6365,"Disorganized, Marketing Heavy Approach to Everything, Middle Management, Lack of Promotional Track"
6367,Do not see any cons as such
6380,Internal moves and promotions can be political and difficult
6386,Indecisiveness can be paralyzing at times
6399,Cyclical business with heavy pressure to perform
6414,Getting too big becoming Oracle like
6416,"Feel under-staffed - W/L balance suffers because even though everyone *genuinely* wants you to take time to unwind, you have a ton of work to get done. At the lower levels, this isn't bad, but I see what my managers and higher-ranked people on the team deal with. Especially with COVID, lots of meetings and that limits productivity. A little too ""woke"", even as a liberal (ie we're distancing ourselves from our Hawaiian/Ohana culture because it's ""cultural appropriation"") - I think conservatives have to keep that mostly under wraps (common in big tech) I've heard (haven't experienced) that promotions are somewhat political and very opaque."
6417,sometimes get lost in the shuffle
6430,Company is massive. Can be political in certain roles
6435,too new to tell at this point
6442,"Localization - I used to work in one of the Asia branches, the Ohana culture does not exist in local branches."
6447,The Ohana thing is offensive. I am selling you my time for money and I am fine with that. Quit pretending you wouldn't fire my whole section if we stopped making money.
6452,Management are usually all over the place and a ton of restructure
6454,"- Things take some time to get done. Mainly because the company is large and we need to go through lots of bureaucratic hoops related to security, legal,etc."
6455,"A lot of it appears to be disjoint illogical decisions... like randomly laying off 2000 people without any explanation, this includes TOP performers both sales and technical."
6475,"Pay is lower than many other companies, politics are prevalent, what have you down for me lately management style"
6476,"- seniors are unempowered: there is no real P&L, even the President/EVP of a geography does not have a real P&L. They don't have a balance sheet to manage either. All major decisions are taken in San Francisco by the same 4 people - if you are not an affirmed Democrat you are clearly excluded. I remember this mandatory fundraising diner for Hillary Clinton. Anyone not paying and going was clearly set aside afterwards - highly political at executive level: achieving results is considered obvious. What matters to progress is knowing the founder, ""culture and behavior"" and ""personal brand"" which means personal preferences, lack of meritocracy, and fierce competition to build one's ""brand"" (announce results before others, take credit for others work etc)."
6478,Salesforce is just Too Big
6487,"Inexperienced management, no desire to advance, red tape"
6496,"-Communications across sales teams....chatter can be a blackhole, Slack may help -Growth targets not realistic in some market segments & enterprise accounts, Customer-Centric focus giving way to close business at all cost"
6500,Outdated technologies in some orgs
6501,"political, saturated territories, complicated comp policy, culture"
6510,Salesforce is just Too Big
6515,It can be difficult to move up the ladder.
6530,Slow to escape legacy technology.
6535,“What have you done for me lately” mentality in sales Growth is tipping the scale of becoming “too big” to remain nimble/scrappy as before
6556,"over saturated territories, comp plan is not competitive"
6571,"Not necessarily a con, but as the company continues to grow, felt tougher and tougher to keep the notion of a family culture at its peak. I also wasn’t too fond of “Ohana” notion so I’m glad that they started dialing back on the Hawaiian references."
6572,Nothing bad to say about the company
6579,"Management out of touch, insane corporate culture, non-existent career development, major layoffs."
6581,"The pace. They seriously need to consider how they expect employees to keep going at the crazy pace. Stress and burnout at this company is concerning. Politics! Keeping 10-15 people aligned on your plan every time is exhausting. Not have the autonomy to work in the way you know you can is frustrating and due to the pace, you really only ever offer around 70%. Yet, the pace is mystifying knowing that there are so many people to do every little element of a job. Sometimes you are left wondering what you role actually is. I think some people make a career out of attending in-house ""events"". Old habits die hard and there are still (young) male sales managers that have high egos and do not treat people well - but they hit their numbers so all is forgiven. Never see head of HR at any events - yet people are so important?"
6582,Becoming a large company comes with a reduction in agility - things can be slow moving sometimes and approvals / decisions can take a while. There are some inconsistencies in things like T&E spend between departments.
6583,"numerous interviews, but i personally do not consider it as a minus"
6590,Big firm - making it slightly less personal
6595,"There has been no attention paid to the mid level management that was hired. Especially in the IT Project team. People leave managers, not companies. I feel I work under a manager who is straight out of the Dilbert comic strip. Numerous attempts have been made to fix my working relationship with this manager, with no results. I strongly believe that there is severe incompetence for the role and position that this manager was hired for. Gaslighting, micromanagement, plagiarising ideas, absolute disregard for an employee’s personal time. Add to this the constant reminder of the said person’s insecurities being thrown around in the garb of constantly mentioning their decade-odd years of work experience. These are just some, among the many, problematic aspects that have caused demotivation. However. I would also like to clarify that the person in question is not bad or immoral. They only happen to be a bad fit in a managerial position. This company might be ranked as the best place to work at, but from an employee’s point of view, our life revolves around the people we work with/under, daily. It is unfortunate that it has as not fared well for me. It is quite drudgeoning to constantly hear the phrases “what!!!!!”, “that is not how it works” or “i don’t understand” up until today."
6596,"Sometimes employees have an expectation that tenure equal promotion, so when it comes to evaluation time performance often hinders their journey forward, I only say this as a con as Salesforce doesn't do the greatest amount of expectation setting to create a comfortable and motivated environment. Don't make the mistake of thinking that the actual job you are doing is any different to any other inside sales role. They are a corporate company after all."
6607,Middle management are unfortunately more concerned with moving up the value chain than their customers and employees. A lot of politicking and backstabbing. No longer a meritocracy. High attrition of top performing Managers and Account Executives due to the above. Middle management out of touch with the frontline challenges. Pay is materially below the market average and competitors locally. Territories are too small for a high % of Account Executives to make money leading to high churn.
6608,"The real culture of a company, as opposed to flamboyant written statements and persistent brainwashing operations, can be judged by who stays and who leaves a company. Speedy unplanned growth will dilute any corporate culture, by the time you stop to assess the damage you realise all the good people left."
6616,pressure to preform KPI's
6619,Big corporation that sometimes moves slowly
6620,"Management politics, no transpersonal,"
6622,"A growing layer of management, with awkward titles and difficult to discern responsibilities and unclear accountability. Some are not in daily client business and at risk of 'losing touch'. The consequence is low acceptance with this group decisions e.g. promotion rounds."
6624,"There has been no attention paid to the mid level management that was hired. Especially in the IT Project team. People leave managers, not companies. I feel I work under a manager who is straight out of the Dilbert comic strip. Numerous attempts have been made to fix my working relationship with this manager, with no results. I strongly believe that there is severe incompetence for the role and position that this manager was hired for. Gaslighting, micromanagement, plagiarising ideas, absolute disregard for an employee’s personal time. Add to this the constant reminder of the said person’s insecurities being thrown around in the garb of constantly mentioning their decade-odd years of work experience. These are just some, among the many, problematic aspects that have caused demotivation. However. I would also like to clarify that the person in question is not bad or immoral. They only happen to be a bad fit in a managerial position. This company might be ranked as the best place to work at, but from an employee’s point of view, our life revolves around the people we work with/under, daily. It is unfortunate that it has as not fared well for me. It is quite drudgeoning to constantly hear the phrases “what!!!!!”, “that is not how it works” or “i don’t understand” up until today."
6629,"Depending on the department you work in, some of the management staff do not seem to fully grasp their own positions, and it makes it difficult for the people they are supposed to be managing"
6638,It is a big company with many people. Sometimes hard to find your way through massive amount of information and people around you.
6645,"The absolute worst, hands down."
6650,"As the company continues to grow, it runs the risk of becoming too operationally matrixed and too corporate in culture."
6651,"3 things have changed for me as having been with company for long time and I consider them all Cons 1. Salesforce prides itself on #ohana which is family. Salesforce #ohana is vibrabnt and alive and incredible. Unless you are in Sales in which case its non existent. It is run old school the Oracle way. 2. Customers suffer the most as they did when Sales Leadership ran Oracle. Salesforce is ruthless in scraping every penny from the client, making MSA difficult by not giving an inch on anything. Management wants the number period, if it helps the customer thats a bonus. 3. Execs get paid AE's do not. There are essentially 4 - 5 levels of Sales Management before you get to Keith Block. On the Ground Floor 7 AE's may each carry a number such as $2,000,000 US. There RVP number is not $14,000,000 but about $10 or $11,000,0000. This continues up the management change so at the highest level they will carry a quota that will significantly less the what the AE's carry. End result is Significant amount of reps will be below 50% attainment and my guess is a few percent will knock it out and may 10 to 15% actually hit their number. Opportunity to make real money like in the old days is very slim. Lot of Starving AE's which the company does not seem to mind as they make it very clear there are 10 people behind you waiting for your job."
6652,"Unattainable goals. Internal bureaucracy and fighting is worse than I've seen anywhere by far. Zero work-life balance. Expectations to take calls/respond to emails anytime of day/night 7 days a week. Only objective is to sell more to clients, not what's best for their clients. Do not live by the image they portray externally."
6656,High pressure environment. 1 month at Salesforce equals 6 months elsewhere. We have monthly targets which you DO NOT miss.
6662,Avoid being part of Internal politics
6670,-sometimes can be to corporate with following certain procuderes etc.
6674,"Very toxic culture. The issue with Salesforce is that there are so many people lined up for working there, that they simply do not care about the long-term well-being of their employees. Salesforce is a machine, you will be put in it, use you for everything your worth, and they will spit you out and move on to the next one. Most people would say that this is what sales is like, but no, Salesforce is a beast of its own when it comes to pushing people to their limit. Furthermore, the pay really isn't that great for a sales job in tech. Maybe it was good 5 years ago? Not now, though."
6694,slowly corporate structures overshining ohana culture
6696,"Nothing really, maybe too much „US centrist“"
6710,Targets can be tough but this is the same with all sales jobs Sometimes it can be easier to get hired as an external than promoted internally
6715,Can be extremely political at times... but that is life. For sales people pay can be a little strange.. low bases for the industry but everyone brags about earning ridiculous amounts of cash.
6733,Lots of internal politics. Avoid Sales Cloud if you can.
6737,"no management, no team spirit, no real strategy on sales patch and target distribution, carreer process for sales is all about network..."
6742,Burnout culture - high growth targets at any cost Claims to be customer-centric company but in many ways is not Aggressive sales culture. Under resourced on Customer success and employee engagement
6743,"The real culture of a company, as opposed to flamboyant written statements and persistent brainwashing operations, can be judged by who stays and who leaves a company. Speedy unplanned growth will dilute any corporate culture, by the time you stop to assess the damage you realise all the good people left."
6745,Sales people treated as a disposable resource now. Too many sales people with unrealistic numbers for the market. Very few people hit their quota. They'll attract you with a big OTE but you won't make it. This place is now Oracle 2.0 - there are much better cooler companies ot work for now who treat sales people really well.
6746,-Sometimes can get stuck waiting for headcount for promotions leading some to switch to external and then jump back in at a higher role -At times may need to battle internal politics
6779,"Fast paced environment could take awhile to get used to, but SE Managers are great at swiftly shielding you from being burnt out."
6783,Challenging environment (this could be thought as a Pro either)
6786,"Tough sales targets, sometimes high pressure"
6792,"I have seen many reviews but no action yet. We only see the canned response. Biggest mistake by getting employees and management from Call centre culture. 2. Spoiled the work culture. Most of them doesn’t have knowledge or attitude to work in company like Salesforce. They are fit for BPO only. Salesforce values now changed from Trust to No-Trust. Now the culture is Politics, backstabbing, data manipulation. There was saying Getting into Salesforce is harder than getting into Harvard university. This doesn’t apply for Hyd CSG. Criteria for hyd CSG:- 1. Referred by Management 2. Wife can refer husband and vice-versa. True ohana can be seen here. Husband and wife working in same team, shift, and manager. Though we have policy around it, who cares need to focus on Ohana. If not in same team it’s very easy to work in same shift. Doesn’t make sense reaching out to ES as they are the one who gives offer letters. Promotion criteria:- management favourite. Need to know how to play politics. Backstabbing and how to get numbers. Management is afraid to take actions against non performers and people with wrong attitudes which actually spoiled the entire culture. list will go on..."
6795,"Salesforce software not as great as the company leadership thinks it is and recent product integrations have made some of the product suite confusing and unnecessarily complicated - IMV there is significant potential for an innovative start-up to steal large chunks of their customer base; Recent revenue growth appears to be mostly based on milking existing customers - not a lot of market share left to acquire - future growth will need to come from moving into new lines of business through more acquisitions. This in turn will lead to continued and increasing integration challenges and internal company friction; Biggest internal issue I see is that the 'Ohana' culture is leading to employees being too comfortable in their way of doing things and not striving enough for improvement. Combined with this, many managers have lulled themselves into following simplistic metrics and KPIs without understanding the underlying basis for the measurements, nor whether or not they are actually fit for purpose. Arising from this cultural laziness, leadership simply do not have the courage to challenge the status quo and drive the changes needed to improve the company's performance. The technology teams also need to do a better job dealing with the technical debt accumulated from acquiring companies whose technology stack was thrown together with little or no design review"
6797,"Don’t get all too bubbly with what you see in public about this company with their philanthropic model of giving back and rising stocks because behind closed doors it has to be one of the worst experiences as a sales professional. 1. I don’t think SF thought about the Exact Target and Pardot acquisitions because it created a lot of issues such as internal conflict between Exact Target and Pardot reps over the right solution for an interested customer, 2. Salesforce Account Execs having to put quota relief size over the right solution and with Pardot the smaller investment price tag over its Exact Target meant you would lose out pretty much all of the time. 3. The quotas in the upper customer segments were not aligned to the sales cycles and instead geared towards the SMB segments. 4. Little empathy from the local leadership who were well aware of these challenges and instead ignore the issue as the revenue seemed to be the only concern. There is a reason why there is a high churn it nobody there seems to care. Was once commented that the sales recruitment process is like an “assembly-based manufacturing plant” in that reps go out as much as they go in and that at the end of the day “nobody cares”"
6810,"* No transperancy from middle management. Senior management says something and middle mangement does totally opposite * Not compassionate or empathetic. * Poor Employee Success(They should be named as Employer Success) * Talks lot about Ohana, literally everywhere. But it doesn't come in practice. * Says lot about stakeholders. As an important stakeholder, an employee never been valued * Never expect job security. * Poor management decisions with business and no collective thoughts. * Female employees never valued as much as male. Never hired any female employees in most of the organizations. Mostly male dominated organizations. * Lots of serveys happens, but no action will be taken to correct things."
6818,"Upper Management (my boss's boss) was a bit of an ego and really moody. Quite a bit of pressure. Commercial sales, even at the Enterprise level can feel quite transactions. The Open COncept seating is so annoying. But this is common at all companies, when will we stop this."
6821,I think there is no bad point.
6822,"Too much internal politics, currently the focus is on reducing costs"
6829,"These are more Heroku issues than Salesforce issues. We were (and still are) strapped for headcount over many years. This leads to serious team health issues and burnout. Exec is keenly aware of the issue and taking steps to fix it, but it should never have gotten this bad. At the moment, our product org is also sorely understaffed following turnover and departures, which means that many engineering teams don't have anyone to help them make sound product choices. We get by, but the product roles are critical, and the product managers we have are spread way too thin. As above, our exec team is aware of the problem and trying to hire as fast as they can. These are short- to medium-term issues. I believe they'll get worked out and we'll have smoother sailing in a few months. Longer term, my larger concern is complacency. I don't know if Heroku/Salesforce has the gumption to make the big bets to really grow our business and remain relevant for the next epoch. For the last decade we've made it drastically simpler to run compute workloads in the cloud, and it's built a large and successful business. With containerization catching on and tooling becoming more mature, we're being commoditized. I don't know that exec has the appetite to determine what the next ""git push heroku master"" is, and allocate enough resources to pursue it. That feels like an existential threat."
6838,"Unrealistic targets, political, your personal brand is big"
6841,there can be a lot of pressure on the sale side
6843,there can be a lot of pressure on the sale side
6844,I have nothing bad to say
6850,Culture is slowly dropping down
6851,Some growing pains in terms of processes but nothing that cant be overcome with some 121 Support
6867,Could think of anything that would make me question my decision to join them.
6870,pressure to preform KPI's
6878,Sometimes the information is too much to handle it properly
6879,"Very unfriendly, uncaring sales environment in enterprise sales - sink or swim attitude, don't care about customers just want to make the numbers and grow. Treat sales people like dispensable soldiers, hire 100, lose 50 hire another 100 - people arrive and just disappear a few months later, some only last a few months. Many of the leaders come from Oracle. Not many people make commission - targets are very difficult to achieve."
6888,some redundant teams just float around.
6889,Unrealistic sales targets and only 30% of very experienced Account Executives actually make commission. High turnover of sales people due to this. Very junior inside sales team (BDRs) to help you prospect and drive customer facing activities. Also lack of support from marketing in a new sales territory for Salesforce. Salesforce state #dreamjob in the market place but that is not the case at all in sales unless you are given a good territory.
6897,- Burning too many bridges with customers will come back to bite them - Success can vary wildly year to year - Territories are getting too thin to be successful on a regular basis - Short term customer relationships don't do customers any favours
6911,"If you're looking to work in a 'start up' environment then this isn't for you. Very corporate, similar to a bank."
6912,"As the company continues to grow, it runs the risk of becoming too operationally matrixed and too corporate in culture."
6914,"Bureaucracy, very political"
6918,Pressure for growth if anything is immense
6926,Avoid being part of Internal politics
6932,"Disgusting management with cheap political views. Can clearly see how the verification and background process works, anyone with Even fake experience and Fake degrees can obtain a job in support, Can clearly see them getting promoted and management applauds them for holding fake certificates. There is a Term Ohana seems like HYD management cannot even adapt to it, and its a SHAME they they lie saying we follow OHANA. Being a parent company management is absolutely scared of Management from centers outside of india. Its not the HYD management who controls the center, but rather other geographical centers. Favoritism by managers to promote and grow a person, who does not even fit the role and infact an unworthy candidate for the position."
6946,"Due to the fact it is a fast-growth company, the communication process is rather confusing."
6954,"People promoted into positions of leadership who shouldn't be in those roles, have no ethical boundaries, no human skills, that can make it working at Salesforce frustrating and difficult mentally. People in VP of EMEA Engineering positions who are self-promoting bully's, taking credit for other peoples work to promote their own brand, using derogatory language to describe colleagues in passing conversations. If those people were few and further"
6960,- Very numbers focused and striving to hit and increase targets which is common in fast-growing companies (not necessarily a bad thing)
6962,"A specific leader, Mari Sagiya, CMO is toxic. Many are voicing their concerns to HR."
6967,It's a feast or famine sales environment. A few high value transactions are hiding the reality. There are a large proportion of the Sales team unable to deliver again their target.
6981,political extreme pressure to hit number or threats of PIP
6989,Managers turned security into a bpo. They don't follow company culture and if you tell them any problems they start making plans to fire you. This is the worst team in hyderabad pls don't join.
6996,Pressure for growth if anything is immense
7003,The company has Bad communication strategies
7006,Support Management treating employees as slaves. They don't know how to treat employees There is No Work life Balance. As usual Lot of internal Politics There is no Transperancy at all
7008,Sales can be extremely unfair environment. If your Manager likes you or you are simply lucky (30% of people) you can land a great territory or a double territory and do very well. Not just financially but you will feel valued by the business and respected. If you are one of the 70% that are not in this category - you will find it extremely hard to do well.
7027,- Hard to find a meeting room - Not allowed to use training budget for conferences or workshops
7030,One or two processes still maturing (but this is to be expected).
7034,Targets can be tough but this is the same with all sales jobs Sometimes it can be easier to get hired as an external than promoted internally
7043,With the state of growth you have to be really careful not to let yourself be stretched too thin. Never be afraid to reach out for help if you feel yourself drowning.
7053,"Monthly targets which can be stressful unless you are overachieving. Success can be highly determined by your territory and segment. With significant growth comes significant headcount increases which means smaller territories regardless of quotas being raised. Salaries seem lower than industry average, although there is no cap on commission so you have the opportunity to make a ton of money if you are in the right patch. With all large corporates come lots of politics. Play the game and build your brand early otherwise you will be limited in your opportunities. Entering into unchartered waters for many leaders in the business with this massive growth phase hitting $10B+ and seem to be emphasising how important it is to mirror large companies such as Oracle if we want to get to $20B+. Seem to be hiring a lot of ex-Oracle executives. With that, I slowly watch the culture shift every month...Not in a good way."
7058,Sometimes it's a bit tricky to find the right information because we have a lot of tools in our backpack with some overlap.
7061,9All the policies are not implemented strictly example Dream force and New Hire orientation(boot camp) especially in India (because of budget). Lot of Local Management in India and lot of internal politics
7063,"Too much middle management, and false titles. Company vision and direction are constantly changing. Some promotions are caused by political reasons, rather than having the best candidate for the job selected."
7066,Where do I start . The only management in the Dublin office is a disgrace to salesforce and PARDOT. horrible person who rules with fear and causes more problems for everybody in PARDOT. But is protected from higher management. Over the last 2 years 70% of PARDOT employees quit and yet the company and management do nothing .
7074,1) Mangers openly show disregard for culture and operate independently with limited checks. They have openly disregarded VTO activity as a waste of time. 2) They have too much control in hiring and with no systems in place will hire people they know and be discriminatory towards people who might be more talented. 3)There is not scope of work-life balance for employees in this particular team in T&P. Manager outrightly denies any request to work from home and expects all employees to be caged at their workplace
7088,- Some of the budget that made the culture so great is starting to disappear
7094,"It's a work hard, play hard culture, and we move fast, so if you aren't ready/willing to put in the inputs, it might not be the right sales job for you."
7101,- can be difficult to move roles internally
7123,Maybe growing to be and losing it's start up culture.
7133,Big corporation that sometimes moves slowly
7139,"It's with a heavy heart and reluctance that I share my review. Salesforce is an amazing company, however, within the department I work there is an overriding culture of insidious bullying, throwing people under the bus, lack of support, openness, coaching and development. Promotions are based not on your ability but for political reasons and whether your face fits, especially if you are able to 'toe the party line' and do not step out of line with the department head. This environment has been created and sustained over the last few years based on fear; if you are good at your job and have a point of view, no matter how professionally you express it you know your time is limited. The final result? A department which is wouldn't look out of place in North Korea, you would state black is white just to keep your job. It really is that bad. The worst of it is that this is known about at a very senior level and for some time and yet nothing is done to remove the perpetrator from the organisation. For fear of retribution I dare not share any further details, suffice to say that it's non-sales, and it's a department which should be the gold standard for promoting the Aloha culture. I'll leave it at that."
7148,Like all corporations can get a little political
7163,Getting too big which is complicating simple process.
7165,Like all corporations can get a little political
7170,"This review has one star only because Salesforce on one hand celebrates Ohana as its #1 value but on the other hand it tolerates bullying Bad managers who burn people, create chaos, amplify pressure, ignore feedback on issues, do not challenge upwards, do not ensure their teams are set up for success but when things do not go to plan they resort to scapegoating and bullying. HR take side with the company and effectively protect bullies Formal grievance process is ineffective and useless Bullies/""high performers"" get promoted and awarded for their behaviors Delicate situations handled by HR contractors who come and go No one senior from HR gets directly involved"
7173,"No career plan, rules change often,"
7174,"Too much interference from regional HQ limiting your plans. Lot of lost opportunities if you are not working out of a regional HQ. Your manager controls your career growth, not necessarily your performance."
7177,"Unless in sales and/or in the US, opportunities to move are not as available"
7181,"Salesforce is a selling machine, in managing a sales team you work within specified parameters and having an influence on strategy isn't really an option. You're there to execute only."
7193,should no give up some markets
7195,Becoming a very political driven company where internal reputation and politics is most important. The majority is not making their numbers. The ones who do can easily loose their territory in order to redistribute to the non-performers. Career opportunties are limited due to external hiring.
7214,Regions are lacking 100% committed on global strategy and values. Some management are incompetent and two-faced.
7215,Business models are confusing. Left hand doesnt have a clue what right is doing! Some strange ideas around transparency.
7226,"unrealistic targets, many don't meet their budget"
7229,Too much legacy code. Monolithic infrastructure make is too harder to adapt. Perforce and their build infrastructure is a pain. Less growth opportunities. Little technical growth.
7247,lack of translated content to share with customers who do not speak english. Also lack of language specific agents but the company is working on it to hire more people
7250,Sometimes work-life balance is not idea
7255,Not thing negative all good
7259,High turnover. They overhire and most sales aren’t going to make their quota. So management depends on a few to blow their numbers as their per deal size is massive
7264,No negative reviews for this organisation
7279,"Culture is biased, long hours, difficult to get promoted or change department."
7281,"Tight Timelines,Multi Tasking,pressure. lot of meetimgs"
7286,"Small fish in a big pond, career growth due to processes can be delayed"
7291,"Political, toxic, Worst Management, HR is not functional"
7292,Culture can be toxic between prime/co-primes Overworking is sometimes glorified Can burnout quickly
7302,There are no downsides to working at Salesforce
7304,Too many meetings. Too big teams to handle in scrum meetings(12-15 members)
7306,It could be hard to get promoted
7311,Too much politics. Instead is move fast and breaking things it is move slow and still break things
7318,"Sales is sales and with a resetting quota at the end of every month, you have to be prepared to reset at $0 and do it all over again. Even though we get 19 Days off in the first year, it's hard to take time off because the less you work, the less you make. Company is growing from a startup to a major corporation - that growth means there are a lot of things that are changing and you hear about the ""good old days"" a lot - as if you missed out on how things used to be (not pre pandemic, I mean like 10 years ago) and things have changed a lot."
7323,Internal processes and discrepancy in them: start up mentality does not work w tens of thousand’s of employees.
7324,Hardly anyone hits target - 3 people out of 40+ last year Targets so unrealistic it demotivates you Leaders don't listen to the staff about these targets
7331,Low salary Growth not possible out of the role
7343,nothing is bad about this company
7346,"Salary is not competitive. If you bring up promotion / raise, your manager or RVP is in the ""red"" for attrition, they will not entertain a conversation and have you wait until the new fiscal year. Internal promotions are also not transparent. New hires are compensated more than loyal tenure employees, resulting in lots of employee churn, despite tenure reps are doing more training cause managers are useless. Managers will encourage teams going to the office cause they're scared leadership will realize how useless they actually are and how little value they provide."
7353,- Base salary for internal promotes is significantly lower so you’re effectively punished for staying with the company - Internal meetings & training keep increasing limiting time you can spend with customers - Drink the “kool aid” or risk being shunned - Growing targets with reduced territories - Local leadership are useless and have no authority to action anything. Always go via the US it’s laughable - Workplace bullying and micromanagement is common - Bureaucracy is out of control. Nothing can be done without a form going through a chain of command via 10 people which seems ironic given the who product value proposition is to promote simplicity and automation.
7362,lack of translated content to share with customers who do not speak english. Also lack of language specific agents but the company is working on it to hire more people
7366,nothing is bad about this company
7367,The targets are monthly. It is difficult to manage.
7369,"Change every year, but when you want high growth rates, you can't not change"
7371,low base - certainly below industry standards for tech
7390,Terrible management Terrible recruitment process People who don't care about you as a person KPIs too difficult to reach Group KPIs effecting a large portion of your pay
7392,"Change every year, but when you want high growth rates, you can't not change"
7401,As any other us corporation
7413,"Difficult to attain quota and pipeline goals. Unnecessary internal campaigns taking up selling time, sales forced to create fake pipeline to meet various teams' KPIs."
7416,Recruitment drive has led to diluted patches and makes hitting quota far more challenging against aggressive targets
7425,"Ambitious workforce so seems difficult to progress, nobody leaves!"
7433,"If you come from a startup culture then you may feel that similar to any top MNCs, process is a bit slow."
7441,Surrounded by a lot of dumb people.
7449,Nothing in mind - maybe too much US oriented
7458,Nothing in mind - maybe too much US oriented
7459,- has become more bureaucratic over the last couple of years
7465,sometimes cheesy Californian earnestness. Here is your fifth word.
7474,"too big, too many aqcuisitions, no clear direction"
7476,a lot of information to absorb
7486,No no no no no
7487,"Immature sales organisation, drinking the SF coolaid can take over actually getting the job done"
7492,"Another tech giant trying to spread the company culture kool aid but doesn’t recognize or address terrible leaders and managers or self appointed “lead EAs”. Very toxic, backstabbing politics going on amongst executive assistants which creates an entire group of disgruntled, distrustful, and power hungry EAs and makes most EAs carry a bad reputation at Salesforce. Execs and managers who have EAs: some of them need serious management training and learn how to treat everyone under them fairly. This was by far some of the worst treatment I’ve ever seen from an exec who had an EA. Micromanaging, having other people spy on the EA and report back to him about the EA's whereabouts and movement.. The EA was treated like a prisoner. Also, there are some EAs who support C-level people and they act as if they are the exec's themselves. They wield their execs' status for their own power and control over others. It's ridiculous and I don't know if the execs who have EAs even know that their EAs are doing this. I hated working with any execs who had EAs. It was always a massive hinderance to my work progress. I don't understand Salesforce and the EA culture.. some are really great EAs but some are terrible and unfortunately they are the EAs at the top.. usually supporting SVP and up. I wouldn’t buy into their culturally appropriated “OHANA” and other Hawaiian sayings. It’s all a facade."
7507,"No cons really, but maybe building a tower in Hawaii wouldn't THAT bad of an idea ;)"
7508,People are still people and you’ll still run into a few that hinder others.
7509,"* Yelled at for seeing Doctor while employed * Scheduled Vacation Prior to Initiating Employment, later yelled at for being on leave when we had previously scheduled * Massive Manipulation and Lying * Use of Sexual Innuendo to Manipulate in Sales * Constant Changing of Hours and Needs making home life and commuting unbearable * Management Yelling in Conference Rooms * Inpatient Colleagues who disconnect calls while on phones with clients * Talking to other colleagues is very frowned on in other departments * Absolutely no bad talk allowed of company anywhere, despite the difficulties you will be fired if any word of a complaint is uttered. * Constant Stream of people coming and going. Definite preference for young people. * Forced Signing of Documents due to duress. * Use and training given to management on guilt shamming and utilizing coworkers to destroy team members. * Very little severance to compensate for medical issues associated with employment."
7513,Sometime management don't know the ground reality
7514,"- if you are coming for consistent huge commission checks think again. - quotas over 400% of PY actuals - comp plans do not encourage the right behavior, if you can even figure them out - you will sell, but will take multiple years to paint a vision that ends up in a sale large enough to hit your quota."
7519,Our internal complexities are sometimes difficult to shield from customers.
7530,VERY silo-ed. You can't swing a surfboard without hitting several VPs. This makes getting large initiatives done a thing of nightmares. The left hand rarely knows what the right hand is doing.
7531,Blah blah blah blah blah
7532,"Unattainable sales quotas for the individual contributors. Way too many and unnecessary levels of sales managers (RVP, AVP, etc.) It's like a pyramid scheme here now where the majority of Account Execs don't come close to hitting their number."
7533,"I started contract and then moved full time after 6 months. I am ok with this process and understand that this is how people are brought on into the recruiting org, however I do not feel there was full transparency through the onboarding process. The info I was given first interviewed (as contract) regarding the full time process was not super clear. While I am completely happy now and ok with the situation, I do feel this communication could be handled better."
7535,Remote workers are unable to travel to meet teams
7542,"People management is very bad... There is massive title inflation. 0-1 year of experience managing people marks most directors, and even many senior directors. There is a serious problem of cronyism in many departments. VPs promote who they want, when they want irrespective of team feedback or even despite what are believed to be established policies. VP-level leadership exhibits schizophrenic decision making, CYA behaviors and abrasive comportment. This makes for highly stressful working environments and is a key cause of the well-known burnout at Salesforce. Many leaders at Salesforce have never done a job this big before which can lend to insecurity and erratic or absent decision making. Reorganizations are painfully frequent which also promotes insecurity & stress."
7546,"- FinSrv vertical is struggling. Big bang accounts are rare and easy lay up accounts are given to Oracle friends, boys click. - FinSrv Accounts pie is cut too many ways - Pay out is every 2+ years if that - Worst is the new Oracle culture. Mgmt is all about badging and silly stickers and certifications you need to get to be able to tell the customer story when they should be helping with relationships & focusing on the problems at hand - global AEs are just in title, they don't actually get paid on global revenue - so watch out for that when you review your comp. - Comp % is low from market but can be better if you are Oracle friends - Mgmt bullies into inflating pipeline and force commit deals every quarter"
7562,"New AE product enablement is embarrassingly bad. The first 12 months are sink or swim, and aside from self-enabling yourself, the territories are hit or miss. Sales reps that have crushed their quota at other companies often struggle due to poor territory carves and slow enablement ramp time. Furthermore, Marketing Cloud basically acts as its own company within Salesforce. Collaboration with the CRM business is weak at best, and Marketing Cloud's biggest competitor has been its own internal solution, Pardot. Last, sales managers here are mostly just that, managers. True leaders in management are few and far between. For example, struggling AEs are mostly on their own to figure it out, which is resulting in higher AE turnover."
7565,"The same people keep getting promoted - ""visionary"" salesmen - not the people who actually do the work. Projects are only 60% completed before the groupthink in ""leadership"" decide to move on to the next shiny thing. Sales are always first priority and take up about 90% of the attention. Clients, employees, technology, have to clamour for the remainder. No Signing Bonus Annual/Quarterly Bonuses are nominal until you are at least director level - and there's no path to promotions."
7566,"The Ohana culture is wonderful but unfortunately it's not practiced by many leaders. They don't reward good leadership and embodying the culture. I had heard it was the influx of the Oracle culture - and the sad part is we talked a lot about how important the culture was but we didn't hold senior leadership for it...so there was a lot of bad behavior (yelling, bullying, not allowing work/life balance, etc) . Felt a lot like it was all for PR and branding but not really what was valued or practiced. There also is a lot of breaking points due to scaling growth - systems and technology in many functions are a joke. Many groups have had to create very manual processes b/c the systems are unreliable or not kept up to standard to scale."
7581,"Very aggressive sales approach. Mainly focused on achieving quota, not necessarily developing sales capabilities."
7589,1) Competitive promotion process. Time in role is definitely a big factor. 2) Fast-paced work can lead to lack of role clarity & overlapping/redundant work at times. 3) Lack of documentation for certain things. You kind of just have to figure stuff out through trial and error.
7590,"I had a very bad manager who harassed me mentally everyday till I left the company. No support for an employee from the HR. Manager went to a point to insult me in various 1-1s. No exit interview, no one to talk to if you are being casted out since managers and senior management is all a big group of friends who cant be touched."
7594,"> Growth is limited based on which team/group you join. > During offer negotiation, HR told me that they had other candidates willing to accept the same job for less salary. They also told me that the other candidates had master's degree and stuff. Not sure if it's okay to say that. I gave too much value to the brand name and accepted the offer and left after few months once I realized my worth."
7604,"That said the compensation is a quagmire of BS. First you can already expect an OTE significantly less than what is the norm in the industry. Worse still is the 40 acts of vaudeville to figure out if you will get paid, if you get paid and what amount they base it on. We are out there saying use Salesforce as your system of record and every month my Xactly has little similarity to my sales in Salesforce. Come on, guys. Let's not be hypocrites! Then when you think it can get no worse there is a virtual rubics cube of ways you lose ACV or see $ clawed back. You have to be an accountant to figure out if you can sell to an account and retire quota. It's ridiculous how many times, in a short time I have not gotten the full value of my sale due to some arbitrary attrition I was not even aware of as a co-prime. Do you want me to sell or do you want me to audit the accounts to see if I can retire quota with a sale?"
7610,"- Racism is prevalent everywhere. Unless you speak Hindi or are a South Indian, white male, expect no growth. They speak Hindi in meetings, and are not inclusive at all to others outside this group - Liars. They won't tell you the real function of the job. They claim to be great at tech, but its all very outdated technology. It moves very slowly, so don't expect to work on anything new while at Salesforce - Absent management. Managers are never around and they won't help. They are also racist if they are South Indian. They choose to talk only to others on the team of the same race as them and only promote those individuals - Your work will be stolen by more senior engineers and management won't side with you. The Indian engineers will take your ideas or overwrite your commits and claim they did it. This happened a good amount of times"
7614,"Sell, sell, sell is the culture. Too few accounts. Too many sales people. Culture did a 180° turn downward."
7620,-Incompetent people with titles as 'research scientist' and 'research engineers' -You would instantly lose attraction to companies like Google/Facebook/Apple/Amazon if you go here. Common perception is that they hire lazy low-tier engineers/scientist -Many of the 'researchers/research scientists' do not even have a PhD. They are students/friends of the people in management who hire them without rigorous interviews - You won't learn anything since there is no innovation going on here. This will be problematic if you try to get a job at a real company and they ask you about your past experience.
7623,"Recruiters, stay away from them!!"
7624,"-financially penalized for quick career advancement -no transparency of levels and corresponding pay -ES/HR is terribly unorganized and not helpful -company acts corporate or start up like dependent on whats in their best interest at the time -booking a client meeting at SF offices is embarrassingly difficult (rooms taken for internal meetings that people won’t give up space for) -egalitarian to a fault meaning if you work on a top account there is no additional support, you have to follow the same request protocol as small business accounts"
7628,"Long hours, Low base, No Path to move up"
7635,Your role and responsibilities might start to feel repetitive and mundane if you do not take initiative.
7638,With insane year over year growth inevitably comes growing pains.
7646,"Huge, sometimes opaque organization. Lots of mandatory training."
7652,"Too much politics in teams as they try to prove. They don't let people do their work. Instead put pressure on them for unnecessary reasons. If you can suck up to your manager you can get all your perks. Some teams to prove themselves, try to step in other teams projects and take over and send them out. Some managers think their reports should work like their servants and should not express their opinion, too much partiality. When teams move under different managers, this becomes rampant. Managers from certain ethnicity have very less opinion on women workers. Have seen several emotional incidents several times. I am sure this is going to become big in coming days as SFDC is becoming a giant. Not many women workers in management positions. Sr. Mgmt is worse as they don't know technical issues at all. Sincere people struggle at times trying to keep their positions."
7655,Some badly run departments ruin the culture for Salesforce's Ohana.
7656,Cant think of any cons of Salesforce
7668,"Too much politics in teams as they try to prove. They don't let people do their work. Instead put pressure on them for unnecessary reasons. If you can suck up to your manager you can get all your perks. Some teams to prove themselves, try to step in other teams projects and take over and send them out. Some managers think their reports should work like their servants and should not express their opinion, too much partiality. When teams move under different managers, this becomes rampant. Managers from certain ethnicity have very less opinion on women workers. Have seen several emotional incidents several times. I am sure this is going to become big in coming days as SFDC is becoming a giant. Not many women workers in management positions. Sr. Mgmt is worse as they don't know technical issues at all. Sincere people struggle at times trying to keep their positions."
7671,"I use to really love my sales job here at ExactTarget but I am afraid to say those days are long gone. This use to be the place the be in Indianapolis for corporate sales but it really isn’t what it use to be, perks have been cut, pay has been cut ever since SalesForce took the reigns. I was hopeful with the acquisition but it hasn't been what I had hoped at all. There's been several people who have been let go from sales and for the first time in nearly 4 years of working here I am nervous about potentially losing my job. It's really sad as a year ago I could have seen being here for a large part of my career but I guess thats tech, ever changing, and volatile. I would be cautious about taking a sales job with ExactTarget right now, they keep hiring but its because people keep leaving for better opportunities, lots of uncertainty going on, the good people are getting out and I will be leaving as soon as I find a new opportunity."
7686,"Most toxic work environment I've ever encountered. Average tenure is now only 13 month, if that doesn't scare you then you're clearly drinking their Koolaid. Unlimited PTO means that no-one takes PTO and you also don't accrue it."
7692,"Management in recruiting is stale and needs change. The favoritism in recruiting is VERY apparent. Dating within the recruiting org causes favortism. The metrics given to a recruiter per quarter can be really tough, but what is worse is that they never end. And there does not seem to be any thought to looking at a recruiter's past performance. Not every quarter is going to be #1 and that shouldn't mean they need to be reviewed or shamed."
7694,"The pace and expectations are high to build and close pipeline. Monthly business expectations makes it appear to be harder to take time off towards the end of the month, especially at the end of quarters."
7711,"Losing sight of the core values the company was founded on. Growing to fast and not able to keep up with overall growth. Seeing lots and lots of angry current customers... 8/10 if you don't have 5-6+ years of inside/outside sales experience, you will only be considered for an SDR or BDR role. This could be fine, but the role should incorporate more closing of business if you are basically expecting people to take a demotion for the role and not articulating the position clearly (this could just be an issue with my office though). If you are on the BDR team you can be the hardest working person and still not hit your number because of how your quota is attained. Your manager will ""help you"" come up with ""strategic plans"" to hit your number (basically just tell you to make more calls/set meetings) but it doesn't matter because if you AEs refuse the meetings, don't feel like moving them to a stage 2 (everyone perceives what this means differently), don't have time to take them until the next month, etc. then you are screwed. BDR management doesn't align with AE management at all. Therefore, they don't care about anything except their AEs closing deals (I don't blame them!), they are annoyed when BDR management comes complaining that their AEs aren't working with their BDR... This is just not a conducive business model and doesn't help growth initiatives. Not everyone is measured the same. You could be aligned 2-4 AEs or 10-15 AEs as a BDR. Either way, these people are expected to generate the same amount of ""stage 2"" opportunity. If you have 2 AEs that are busy, don't work in your office or don't have the ""need"" for a BDR to generate pipeline - then you have NO chance of hitting your quota. SDRs, BDRs and AE's are all expected to generate their own pipeline - which makes sense but it is causing people to compete with each other which takes away from making the customer #1 priority. This is especially bad since the Mulesoft migration... (from BDR POV) Although Salesforce always talks about endless internal growth opportunities, this is def not something that I have seen to be encouraged. You are pretty much forced to take the typical promotion track. BDR Management is way too pushy with BDRs setting new meetings and business, while this should be a significant responsibility, lots of customers get mislead, forgotten, or treated with poor customer service which eventually will backfire (I have already seen it backfire a few times!) As a BDR you could generate $5mil in the pipeline one month, but only have 2 stage two opptys on the board (you need around 6-8)...which means you will miss your quota. Others could have 6-8 opptys on the board which only adds up to $300k in pipe for the month, but they will hit quota.. Doesn't make sense."
7715,"Lack of organization, over-engineered processes in some areas and total lack of process in others"
7725,"The media has an image that Salesforce is the number 1 place to work. This is not the case for sales. Many of the sales reps are unhappy with many things but stay because of how well the company performs/innovates. Base salaries are extremely low. There are very few people that are hitting their annual numbers and the overall compensation plus base is just not there. So much of it is based on territory but leaders will say to their graves that all territories are even. We would have much more appreciated it being called out vs. lying to our faces that they are all spread equally. Overall there is a lot of negativity here and much of this stems from the unhappy customers. Salesforce customers, especially in the SMB space don’t have the money to spend to implement Salesforce so their orgs are bad and adoption is extremely low. Account executives are responsible for selling - but also dealing with all unhappy customers, cancellations, technical support questions, etc. It doesn’t help that the renewals and billing teams are both outsourced to foreign counties and are extremely hard to work with (both internally and externally). You might close a huge deal but you’ll then have to deal with the repercussions of all the above."
7726,Political Tenure > Talent Complacent middle management
7730,The political side of the company can become toxic. Must be willing to put in the hours to get any result
7737,"The priorities are constantly changing. I am no longer surprised to receive an email concerning yet another re-org and more VPs moved around and targets changed. Company seems unwilling to make difficult decisions to fix systemic tech issues. In particular, several senior leaders have joined from Microsoft over the last few years. They seem more interested in power moves and self gain than any actually inspiring and making sound decisions. It's a total mess for those doing the actual work."
7738,Sometimes the promotions are questionable. The process is 100% questionable - but this is a big initiative from our CMO - to offer more visibility into this.
7739,I can not think of a bad thing to say about Salesforce.
7748,Much of the big bets around innovation are top down as that's their big lever to influence to influence product direction. We haven't figured out a model yet for say 10% of HC within a group is on bottoms up incubation for offerings that aren't directly related to current products & features.
7749,Politics and very little enablement. Expect to spend inordinate amount of time trying to figure things out from expenses to tracking down compensation to navigating territory and team. Very little time left to strategize and execute effectively. Concept of teamwork is lacking in majority of engagements.
7751,"the management stinks, lot's of 1-2 year managers that offer no value. It's all about metrics and pipeline generation, less that 20% will achieve their number, it's all about luck and nepotism. If you've made money in your career and want to continue making money, keep looking, most sales reps leave in >2 years. I hated working for Salesforce, too many ego's and you will spend way to much time on selling internally and appeasing others."
7758,"too much politics, no direction"
7768,"Very top down company. Constantly changing directions with unreasonable deadlines to deliver--then change again! Every project is a fire drill. Frequent re-orgs, highly competitive and political, back-stabbing culture. Lots people burn out and quit. If you happen to end up in a team with a good leader who is part of the 'in-crowd' with his/her top management, you will probably do well. But again, that can change without much notice since re-orgs happen every 3 months. Think before you join. Not bad to get it on resume then move on"
7776,nothing.. continue to stay laser focused on big picture and reduce noise associated as we continue on our growth trajectory.
7777,Sometimes overtime is very pushy. Management is not very clear. Different people might lead you at same time.
7787,- Stressful - Some managers are of questionable quality - Company having a hard time accepting that it's not a startup anymore
7794,"That being said, seriously, most people that work here are hacks and idiots. It's 2015 and they're building software like it's still 1998. Don't expect to come here and learn anything other than how to pass the hot potato. You'll spend 95% of your time doing ""keep the lights on"" work, fixing messes that were created 5+ years ago but people were to dumb to notice. Those people who made those messes are no in key, influential positions within the company, where their questionable decision making has maximum impact to shoot themselves in the foot."
7808,"Transitioning from start-up to big corporation, execs are young and eager to please parent company in Cali by kissing up while transferring the stress to employees. Zero tolerance for mistakes but not giving any warning sign until the last minute before they fire you. Due to poor location excellent employees are few and far between, so mediocre but ass-kissing people get to stay. Managers are all great players of politics. Employees don't dare to speak their mind just to keep their jobs in the ""best"" company of the area. Mid-level people managers have no clue in managing so resort to micromanagement. Typical ""boys club"" culture with no advancement opportunity for female. Only those who play well with their managers and drink the Salesforce cool-aid will thrive. The V2MOM is a joke as performance review has nothing to do with it, meaning delivering results doesn't mean you are good enough. Fear of mistakes and risk averse mindset is suffocating the humanity and innovation this company once had."
7809,"It's common you see reps kill it in a territory, and struggle to hit quota the next year due to territory realignment."
7811,Interview process is not reasonable.
7815,Some overlap between competing teams. Scrum team priorities can change frequently. Can seem a bit chaotic at times.
7817,"Base pay will be lower than their competitors. You'll be expected to work long hours, a lot of overtime and practically live there at the end of each month and quarter. Hard to obtain quotas, but you'll get no sympathy if you speak up or ask for support. It's a machine...a hard-core, cold-calling environment. Your phone WONT ring just because they're ""Salesforce"", despite what they'll feed you in your interview. If you're headed there...prepare for the stress and long nights!"
7829,Territory alignment is not competitive or divided appropriately
7830,Too big a company to make some real change or big impact
7832,Layers of management and a pecking order to move up
7834,"Office driven culture, very transactional, you will not make money if you are put in a bad territory. Office politics are some of the worst I have ever experienced. Zero diversity, no women managers."
7841,"high stress position, quotas can be high, feeling that we are not as valued by the parent company"
7844,"Sounds ironic, but destructive, moral crushing obsession with updating Salesforce."
7851,But middle management spoiling the culture created by top management. Middle management seems to fight with each other for wrong reasons. Company has grown big and the middle management does not know how to handle it. Re-orgs happens without a reason and the new management whoever joins tend to shakes good amount of teams without knowing what they are upto and how it will impact the company and individuals. No clear communication on the changes and re-orgs.
7853,"Company is over-reliant on the heroic effort of its individuals in operations and development teams. There can be burn-out. Some departments struggle with too many people who want to manage or coordinate work, and not enough people to actually get it done. Unpredictable hiring freezes will often negatively impact a group's ability to scale."
7854,"If you're stuck with a terrible manager, you're screwed. Changes come from management down, not from employees upward. Performance reviews can be quite subjective...."
7861,Technology is outdated. Things move super slowly.
7871,"- Title Inflation. Too many CTOs and too many Architects - Cronyism has set in and the rot is spreading like a virus - After 4 years, effectively one takes a pay cut because of no stock options or all options have been vested - Top down. Used to be bottoms-up. - VPs of Engineering are aggressive and promote cronyism"
7880,Tries to lowball salaries; A little too full of itself (the Kool-Aid drinking can be a bit much); Rock-star CEO is both a pro and a con
7882,ratings dependent on other teams inputs
7887,Senior levels involve a lot of politics.
7895,#1 advice- get used to change!
7903,"-There is a lot of kool-aid drinking, but it's no different than other 'hip' tech companies. -Sames problem as every sales company, patches shrink and quotas go up."
7905,Low base salaries for the industry and at SMB level can be very tough to find big deals. Not worth the money at this level but good for the experience.
7908,"company becoming oracle (ie, less fun) company doesn't really care about you despite its press clippings lots of superficiality, arrogance, hubris"
7911,Organization is getting larger and more bureaucratic making it harder to get things done; career path isn't well defined; work/life balance
7912,High Pressure Political & Bureaucratic
7925,"company is getting very corporate, harder to get things done, growth opportunities shrinking"
7926,Stay away from sfdc IT dept and go to R&D only. Only handful of leaders are good in IT . IT lacks vision automation and has accumulated lot of technical debt .
7929,"Very few AE's within the EBU hit their quota due to small territories and high quotas. There is high turnover in the EBU because reps aren't performing or making money, although the top performers can make 1M+. Quotas get raised 25% each year. Too many products to focus on. Poor culture in EBU with high pressure to perform on a monthly basis, although enterprise sales cycles can take 6-18 months."
7935,"1. Title egos and titles don't generally match competency of engineers. There used to be a lot of good engineers, but that has dwindled significantly. 2. Lot of politics. Watch out! 3. Technical growth will be stunted. Be prepared work with a lot of incompetent senior engineers. 4. Too much marketing hype about the product, but the products don't live up to expectation."
7938,The political side of the company can become toxic. Must be willing to put in the hours to get any result
7942,"There is a fair amount of politics and in many pockets there is a culture of blame rather than enablement. Hyper competitive, low level of quota attainment"
7951,"cult like, if not ""core"", less a priority to be able to be able to get things done"
7955,"Poor management is pervasive. Lack of leadership and commitment to big ideas creates gross inefficiencies, unclear expectations, and conflicting outcomes. Overly headquarter-centric in politics. The maintain an institutional arrogance that disrespects their competitors and creates overly idealistic strategies. Executive leadership tends to believe things get done because they want them to get done, without providing communication, support, or transparency in decisions."
7961,Stay away from sfdc IT dept and go to R&D only. Only handful of leaders are good in IT . IT lacks vision automation and has accumulated lot of technical debt .
7967,hmmm..hard to say :/
7976,No real challenges so far other than things move fast and you have to keep pace. Not really a bad thing? Growing pains are evident here and there.
7982,"The stress level associated with any job at the Hillsboro office is through the roof. You will feel like you've aged a million years every day you work here. If you are a contractor, expect to be treated like a child, criminal and overall second class citizen. Training program seems to be okay IF you are a Salesforce direct hire...if you're a contractor you are given squat. The biggest problem is the support setup in general that Salesforce has and their customers ARE ABSOLUTE MONSTERS. These are the worst, most entitled people you will ever speak to and in part because of the smoke all The AEs blow up customers butts just to get a sale which are unrealistic. If you are hired at this location as a contractor...prepare to be set up for failure the moment you step foot in this office. For your sanity...work somewhere else."
7984,- Does not like to change very much. Likes to stick with old technology. - People sitting on temporary desks. Spacing issues. seriously salesforce????? - No pay increases per year. They don't promote you based on your performance. Some low performers getting promotions and other hard workers staying at the current positions for years.
7996,"No strategy, no systems, no process, lot of chaos and evey manager running their own farm. Malpractice gets shives under the rug in the name of speed"
7999,too hard to leave salesforce
8002,"Growth is about increasing sales capacity, but sales supporting roles and admin roles are being squeezed. Since there are already too many executives, career progression has slowed down. Similarly and due to increased pressure from the market to show better profit margins, salary increases are minimal; stock options have been reduced."
8004,"There is a culture of sexual harassment within Sales and Marketing. It seems to be tacitly approved by management, so women don't bother to report it and male executives treat this place like a playground on which to prey on young women. Makes it hard to do your job well."
8011,"Highly political environment. Not open or embrace a "" different"" way to solve problems or approach challenges."
8013,"The top level management like directors , program managers are pretty immature and behave unprofessionally. They poke their nose in matters where they are not supposed to. Obvious they dont have lot of work to do and just jump in every meeting and talk nonsense.Consulting for salesforce has been painful. They have irrelevant personal conversations in the meetings which annoys consultants from other firms. Still they are behaving like a start up company and never being matured. The height of immaturity is when they make fun of other company's boss and consultants right in front of them."
8022,Not an IPO. You're not going to clean up on exploding stock options.
8028,"The rush of work is heavy and intense, and can feel a little like being thrown into the deep end to sink or swim."
8032,"Because Salesforce is growing so fast – doubling its workforce and revenue over two years – many things get lost in the shuffle. Some teams have crushing workloads, while others are virtually forgotten. The prevailing infrastructure of the company is a parochial network of vice presidents operating independently. This leads to disconnection, and occasionally chaos. Teams duplicate work, work in contradictory directions, and compete pointlessly. Territoriality for budget and resources is rampant. There are no centralized checks and balances. If you have a bad or unethical warlord, you may be asked to do things that are counterproductive or even hurtful. The patchwork of fiefdoms across the company is so disconnected that many teams are unaware of similar teams within the company. Efforts to organize or connect strategies are met with resistance and sometimes hostility. A chief strategy officer with a team of connected project managers could address this, but many VPs don't want accountability. The result is work that doesn't rise above mediocrity. Salesforce is a great company comprised of dozens of mediocre companies. Those mediocre companies don't want to connect and be great because their leaders don't want to lose status. Once you see that you can't unsee it. Many workers grow cynical as a result. The famed ""Ohana"" (Hawaiian for family) doesn't penetrate the 300-yard stare of hardened coworkers who don't say hello in elevators."
8038,Lack of vision to push through large infra projects at the senior management level
8045,"Over the last year or so, there is an influx of people from a certain software behemoth. While it is understood that any leadership change will bring with it a new paradigm, I do believe that sometimes people are given more importance than people that have built the systems and been hugely successful, just because they come from a certain company. As a consequence, sometimes, either attrition of domain experts is high or there are growing signs of disapproval with how the management thinks."
8051,All Levels: Company is getting bigger - not as big as SAP or Oracle - but no longer a 'startup'. At Executive Level: The old-timers who have been around for 5-10 years and 'acquired execs' run the show. Very difficult for anyone else to rise up the ranks. Not enough space.
8054,No real cons. There is so much opportunity in the market that it's difficult to get to it all. Quality people that have to ramp quickly when they come on board.
8055,Not an easy path to promotion.
8062,"Having served at the company for over 10 years, I must say that in my last 2 years there, things seem to have taken a downward turn. I am sure attrition rates are at an all time high, even outside Sales. There are several very good middle managers, however the bad and untrained seem to be taking over, with several long time employees being pushed out once it is determined they either make too much money or don't ""tow the line"". This may be the result of becoming a large company, however what really stings is all the ""good for the world"" BS that marketing spews out, when in reality it is about the cash."
8066,Doesn't match FANG Companies compensation
8070,Unfortunately the hiring managers don’t practice the company values. If you are a minority especially African American don’t bother applying for any senior positions . These jobs go to hiring managers friends who are white men and white women no matter how qualified you are. The recruiters are biased and they already know who the hiring managers “friends “ will be filling the positions. Minorities are only interviewed for EEOC statistics tracking. It’s a joke.
8079,Sometimes feel disconnected being remote. Job opportunities for remote employees more difficult
8082,"Be prepared to work hard. It is not a ""con"" but the truth"
8104,"Forcing all employees at a location to attend the all-hands in person by not providing conference call information shows how desperate this ""head of technology"" to fill the room."
8110,When I left I was observing some 'big company' dynamics emerge - meetings to decide on meetings. Not widespread but creeping in.
8117,There aren't really any cons. One of the few places I've worked that doesn't have corporate politics and bad policies. Everyone just wants the company to do well and dominate the market.
8129,"San Francisco based culture and values (tend to ignore other cultures in other parts of world). Sole focus on margin and growth at all costs - buying companies faster than they can be incorporated into the company. If you are not in their Core business, you can be easily forgotten. Cliques by Millennials (as if it’s high school). Managers only care if you show up in a report for a negative metric, otherwise they have no interest in talking with you."
8135,Growing too quick. Culture could be penalized
8153,The security that Salesforce puts on laptops makes it hard to do certain things but it's a tradeoff.
8163,"At this point the compensation is not worth the role. This job is so much fun, but for what they pay, it will always be either some type of stepping-stone position to other roles or flat out ignored by top-talent because it doesn't pay competitively."
8166,"Company is imploding. The 3-4% annual merit raises aren’t good enough. Existing employee salaries are sub-par. No RSUs or stocks given to employees anymore. Incentivization by pay is a distant dream. Management and upper management take the meat of the money - typical of any company getting avaricious. Heavy attrition in critical functions is chipping away at all levels. Politics and power grab is the main game and not quality of work. Nepotism, favoritism is definitely on the rise. Transparency is questionable."
8167,Hard to onboard (There is a lot of complexity in the business as it continues to grow)
8175,"- Toxic, political culture that seems very fake - People are rather selfish and are simply there to work their way up the corporate hierarchy - Relationships are inauthentic for the most part - Low pay for Sales organization"
8179,"The issues at Salesforce exist at the department / team level, which are led by terrible managers. This is obviously not the case with all departments - but my rating reflects my horrible experience with my department that has been embroiled in chaos for more than a year, with no end in sight. This department is central enough that the dysfunction here, will eventually result in a bad decisions for all other teams that interact with it. The leader of this department has created an unhealthy work culture, where people do things because of fear. The leader openly chides senior leadership in public for small infractions, and does not accept dissent. They have openly punished individuals for speaking up. The working style has become uninspiring because pomp and show are prioritized over true value creation - this is demonstrated by the fact that the top achievements of the department as highlighted by the leader themselves are theoretical frameworks, and not actual proven methodologies. There are many smart people on the team, but the leader has narrowed in to their insecurities and manipulates them to make sure they only do and say things the leader wants. Otherwise, they are very efficient on getting rid of people who do not “please” the leader one way or another. HR is kind but plays the therapist role rather than a facilitator. At least 25 people in our department have talked with HR. All we’ve heard is “Awww” and “it’ll get better, we will coach them” for the last 6 months. Can’t say we haven’t tried. We can’t all switch teams and ultimately it is the company’s responsibility to weed out bad leaders. It is not just people suffering (though of course Salesforce will say people are important) but business is suffering because we have a whole department that is wasting money, talent and resources - and no amount of escalation has yielded anything."
8188,"Getting too big, a lot of politics"
8192,"Toxic political culture: where it seems people tend to be very fake. There are definitely some great people here, but in general, people are very selfish here. Everyone is in it for themselves. Pay is low for the industry in early sales roles."
8193,"Ohana, what Ohana? Management (at least in sales) only manages by the numbers, with no EQ to speak of, shuns 2-way dialogue, and pushes everything on the front line. They don't prioritize their requests and overwhelm their teams, who are trying to close business and/or appease unhappy customers. Meanwhile, there's zero knowledge management to speak of -- we are literally incessantly filling out shared docs with the same information multiple times outside of the CRM. and everyone on the account team loses the plot. Who would have thunk? Salesforce is cost cutting in an effort to reach profitability. Goodbye parties, offsites, and non customer-facing travel. Benefits aren't cheap -- I'm paying well over $400/mo. for mine. It's been observed that they are systematically pushing workers 40+ out of the business to hire less experienced / new grads for less -- a ""best practice"" of private equity companies that seems to be catching on like wildfire in tech. Last but not least, at a company that espouses the values that it does, I am surprised that so many offsite events and outings include a ridiculous amount of drinking. Not ONCE has our team done a group volunteering outing or something to serve our community (and I'm at HQ in San Francisco). Instead, every time I go out with my sales colleagues it turns into some weird game of chicken of who can drink the most and still function the next day. Honestly, it's pathetic. These aren't even 20 or early 30-somethings."
8212,"The vast majority of AE's were hired as hourly employees (you get a base salary but it's calculated hourly). Nearly every AE was recruited & led to believe that ""although your base salary appears low - you will make that up in overtime."" AE's work 50+ hours. This isn't an expectation - it's simply about owning your responsibilities required to do a good job for our customers. In the past, logging honest hours hasn't been an issue - AE's logged hours according to the work put in. This year however, it is ""48 hours or less...if you are logging more than 50 hours, you're not efficient"" .... This is concerning b/c it represents a subtle undertone of apathy to AE's. We were recruited under the notion we would be allowed to log the hours we worked. If the company is moving away from paying hourly, then the salaries should adjust accordingly - b/c this was the #1 negotiation tactic used by Salesforce recruiters to lowball base salaries. But again, the bigger concern here is how it makes AE's feel. We assume Salesforce looks out for our best interest, especially those putting in the extra hours to get the job done. It's one of the reasons Salesforce has been successful - we have a culture of execution."
8220,"""Fillers"". I call them ""fillers"" because that's what they are...people that were hired in haste to simple fill roles in an organization that is growing so fast, they had to be hired quickly. While they may have gone through multiple rounds of interviews, it seems there are many execs that got through that shouldn't have and are just filling a role in the org chart. And they don't do s*&^. They may have had extremely successful positions at other companies, but Salesforce isn't like other companies. They only slow you down...so if you're smart and have your i's dotted and t's crossed, just go over them and it's not really looked down upon. Tomorrow. You're only as good as the deal you have committed tomorrow. Doesn't matter if you're at 200% of quota for the year 6 months into it ...that actually only amplifies what is expected of you. It's a con...but in reality...it's also not too bad...unless you're in a Sales role that isn't an AE (i.e. SE) because you're capped. Salesforce has the SE's I've ever come across in the industry, and I don't think they're treated as fairly as they should be. Marketeering. This is a new issue at Salesforce... It used to be the case that marketing & PM were in line and no one sold on futures. Over the past 12 months, that has changed...moving closer to an Oracle-like model where the vision is pitched and then they try to build it. Equity. I'm not sure who is getting it, but it isn't long term sales people. Seekingalpha? They couldn't be more wrong. Granted, the ESPP program is fantastic, but once you get beyond entry level, it would be nice to see something. It can be disheartening to hear RVP's (in 2012 I swear they only brought in people as RVP's...""What? You're an RVP of WHAT? And have no reports?!?!?"") and other new employees talking about selling their RSU's or options when they haven't really done anything for the company yet and you've committed the better part of a decade. Commit. This is probably the biggest ""Con"" at Salesforce if you're an AE or in sales. Salesforce is an accurate machine...it really is...based on the subscription model, a great portion of deferred rev is already established and known...but they want your sales opps just as accurate and mgmt will force or override you on your deals if you think differently. Territory. Don't come to Salesforce thinking you'll be able to pick and choose. It was picked over 5 years ago. You'll more than likely get something you don't want. End of discussion. While it seems like it should be the biggest ""con"", it's not. Because everything I listed in the ""Pros"" section means you will constantly have something new and innovative to sell to that minuscule territory you have that no one else can. I mentioned in the ""Pros"" section that some of the long-termers (those that have been around 10+ years) are one of the best things about the company. They ARE. There are also a handful of high level execs that just need to go...they don't do anything...they show up at meetings and say hello and leave... and you better keep your mouth shut. It sucks. Because at one time they were amazing. Now, just awful."
8229,The hiring process was frustrating due to a lack of communication from the recruiter.
8230,It's a big company and there is so much to take in. It's on the individual to ensure they're intentional with what they do and seeking out the right opportunities
8232,Many in leadership positions have no business being in leadership positions. Company is growing so fast that they’re promoting people to fill seats rather than evaluate them as a leader. “Ohana” culture seems to be a facade. Trust is an issue as I was misled during interview process and have been since I’ve become an employee.
8235,"Things have changed now since 2 years or so.. lots of bureaucracy, heir achy politics at grass root level.. no more an innovative and open kind of culture, its turning more into legacy kind of companies. If you think you can thrive in such an environment this is the place !"
8239,"Most jobs are in office, not remote, there are exceptions, but if you're not on a remote team it will be difficult to get that benefit. Compensation is above average, but not what HR tells you during interviews. 2 weeks of PTO a year with holidays. It can be very easy to get stuck in the role you're in. They advertise that its easy to find new roles within the company and get promoted into them, from my experience this isn't true. There is a lot of red tape and politics. You can pigeon hole yourself based on what team and department you're joining."
8242,"- Cronyism seeping in. Growth is tied to how much you suck up to your management - Disagreements while encouraged on the surface, are dealt with serious repercussions covertly - Work-life balance is eroding thanks to inept managers - Top-down directives to teams is demoralizing"
8244,-Corporate politics (not sure if this can be avoided at a big company) -naysayers when trying to make career moves that are outside the norm
8252,Lied to about job expectations and performance during hiring/onboarding process upper-management focuses on making money rather than helping businesses My expectations we're very high when I accepted this role...now I wish I never did
8253,"That being said, the vision and values don't necessarily always translate down to middle management levels. Many orgs (specifically marketing, but I've heard sales as well) are full of politics, mud slinging and power grabs. Senior leadership seems to acknowledge this recently, however there are no consequences for the people that perpetuate this type of environment. Toxic employees who produce results in their job are protected, even when multiple complaints are surfaced through the appropriate channels."
8256,- Can be hard to step away from the job (despite emphasis about integrating work and non-work activities and preventing burnout) but it's ultimately a personal choice to do so and can only improve job performance
8262,Hard for under performers to get fired.
8266,"Tough to say much here. Like any company that's been acquired, it may prove tough to keep the same office culture, but the people here seem committed to doing everything in their power to make it happen."
8267,"SF is changing as it needs different structure and methods to grow and hit it's revenue goals. Some of the change is necessary, but there is concern that the baby may be going with the bath water."
8268,"Unfortunately as the company has grown exponentially, it has gotten that big company mentality and politics. From a sales standpoint, goals have become unreasonable and territories have shrunk ridiculously. Ask what percentage of the reps are making quota. I suspect company wide it is less than 25% but management would never say. Very hard to make money these days at SFDC. Voluntary turnover in 2013 was insane (sales reps). Leadership from Oracle coming over in herds pushing Oracle mentality...not good unless you like that kind of thing."
8270,"Sales - its all about your territory and timing. Many customers are ""sold out"" on the CRM front - and it's VERY difficult to hit your quota without a substantial amount of your sales coming from CRM. It's not normal to hit your # if you don't sell any CRM.. .so just understand what your getting into."
8284,No negatives for Sales Force.
8285,"Long hours, a lot of stress and although management keeps saying step away to re-charge, there is too much on to successfully step away"
8287,there are few exceptions to above pros in middle management
8303,Getting really big!!! Lots of M&A activity - getting hard to keep up as a SE with all the possible things to solution.
8311,Becoming corporate Lack of progression in senior roles
8315,Some India-based leaders are biased and they try to micro-manage.
8323,The boss was angry or offensive and super informal The demand for performance was never backed up by proper training Not a lot of people stuck around due to some of the airheadedness of tbe boss of that area
8325,"I used to work for Microsoft and Oracle. In comparison to them, SF is the worst... by far! The company (who claims their value is trust) employs managers who speak about their employees behind their back. The manager would cancel all the meetings I scheduled for us witout saying a word about it. Also, I heard him speaking about other people a coupld of times to find out later he did the same for me and my BDR in other meetings. That's all in terms of trust in practice. Also, for some regions, they push on selling and they have done zero market research. Therefore their product is not only worse than competitions, but also 10 times more expensive. Money as with other companies, but the amount of stress and mismanagement - not worth a month staying there!"
8328,No Downsides are there present
8331,Sometimes a lot of politics
8335,"However, because of the unrealistic growth expectations, the pressure to over-perform and the fact that we can’t take more than a few days off in a row, makes it not the perfect culture anymore!"
8336,- Base salary for internal promotes is significantly lower so you’re effectively punished for staying with the company - Internal meetings & training keep increasing limiting time you can spend with customers - Drink the “kool aid” or risk being shunned - Growing targets with reduced territories - Local leadership are useless and have no authority to action anything. Always go via the US it’s laughable - Workplace bullying and micromanagement is common - Bureaucracy is out of control. Nothing can be done without a form going through a chain of command via 10 people which seems ironic given the who product value proposition is to promote simplicity and automation.
8338,A bit of pressure on targets.
8343,A bit slow from time to time due to the massive organisation. Some degree of politics.
8363,"1. Sometimes work may get monotonous or challenging, but that's not a con, it's part of job. 2. No clear career path, as the career is employee. driven in Salesforce."
8365,It is a pretty big company - has some side effects which come with that - like sometimes you may feel like there are so many pieces you don't know completely about
8369,Verticalisation and dissection of territories makes it extremely hard to hit quota unless you're gifted a good territory.
8372,"Corrupt , fraudulent and political middle management specially crm infra. Highly selfish ,incompetent and greedy. Work for their convenience. Good engineers suffer for the sake of management. Dumbs grow for the sake of management."
8380,Promotions are very limited for internal employees and not transparent enough
8384,Verticalisation and dissection of territories makes it extremely hard to hit quota unless you're gifted a good territory.
8387,The org is huge so little impact is possible
8390,misunderstanding of language and getting boref
8391,Pressure is high but handlable
8394,RSU model is not clear. Bureaucracy Corporation
8402,"High KPI for BDR, need to depend on AE to succeed"
8410,"-Extremely competitive product landscape -Non-deal related challenges (internal, implementation partner, C-Suite outlook) -Internal noise (you're never not working or doing something related to work (may or may not be related to the deal))"
8411,Too few accounts at senior AE level
8415,1. Politics in marketing cloud. 2. Senior directors doing things on a whim. Resorting to favouritism. 3. Toxic culture in the Hyderabad office.
8422,heavy onboarding but a lot to cover
8424,Promotions are very limited for internal employees and not transparent enough
8434,"Too Many people with different functions that in the end, nobody ends up taking decisions to accelerate Pay plan is the worse I have ever seen as a Sales"
8441,Someone levels growth is saturated
8445,"Everywhere there are flaws, it's how you handle it."
8455,"saturated market, little to no inbound leads for new biz,"
8461,Ntg much about to say over all
8466,US blame culture when things get tough
8467,Local leadership is so focused on female diversity outcomes that talented internal and external candidates that don’t fit that profile are overlooked. Very “stepford wives” without any people of colour in senior roles within the CEO’s direct business (at least that was the case last year). Lots of people politic to get promoted - straight talkers and doers are often side lined vs “brand” individuals. Targets have become unrealistic and territories are carved so thin that by staying you are effectively giving yourself a pay cut each year. The culture has become bloated with self importance. Nothing humble about the way it’s presented. Over focus on certification and pointless training. Seems to keep an army busy while the workers barely get time to see customers anymore. Work/life balance depends on your role. Plenty of people seem to have lots of time to be volunteering or involved in non-revenue generating activities while other people are smashed.
8478,Wide big investement Hard to say something elso
8488,"There is a lot of politics going on, which is ok if you don't want to be a manager. Sometimes seems a little unstructured without clear process"
8490,"Very forecast driven job, not able to deep dive on one topic"
8491,"If you are not ready to take in automation related challenges and have no zeal to learn automation, then you may get stuck. But this is almost with all great companies , ok the caliber of Salesforce. So this is a general evil , nothing related to specific Salesforce."
8494,- As it gets bigger rules around promotion mean it's becoming less of a meritocracy
8495,Horrible management Worst leadership Toxic culture Very political and unhealthy peers No proper training
8500,Typical pains of running a large company. Sometimes things can become bureaucratic and decision making can be slow and chaotic.
8502,no pay increase unless jumping to the next AE level
8507,"The grad programmes are a bit unstable, as the company is still assessing the ROIs of these arrangements and may pull the plug on them if they're not doing well enough"
8516,"Sink or swim culture, little collaboration, moody management, base salary without commission is okay for a single person"
8532,"Everywhere there are flaws, it's how you handle it."
8533,"Corrupt , fraudulent and political middle management specially crm infra. Highly selfish ,incompetent and greedy. Work for their convenience. Good engineers suffer for the sake of management. Dumbs grow for the sake of management."
8548,"They promote equality but the reality is the environment is toxic. Filled with 'preference' and bias, if your boss like you then you can get the good set of accounts to work on, otherwise sorry you are on your own. To protect their image of best place to work, they 'create' lame reasons to make you leave on your own or terminate you, instead of being seen as firing / layoff people. Lots of politicking between management, the Ohana is a marketing gimmick, the reality is the management are mostly ex-oracle bringing along their old habits and culture and practicing them in here. Most of the great talent had left the company and the original good culture is dying. This will be the last place I recommend anyone to join."
8555,Bad Management could improve a little more up
8560,Career progression is nearly impossible if you don't work in Sales or are not based in HQ in SF. It's really sad as many non-sales colleagues would love to stay with the comoany but they dont see a future as most non sales and non technical roles are based in the HQ.
8562,Canadian Leadership is horrible. Pervasive culture of distrust. Toxic environment. No longer a rewarding place to work.
8563,There is nothing I can share as a contra
8568,Job Security is a big concern
8612,"Non technical jobs, no future, can be stuck, not good for technical persons"
8618,"Inconsistent application of values, some poor management in specific roles"
8628,It is a bit political at times and the communication during the recruitment process was very poor.
8632,There is some inertia working for a company with 55000 people. Amount of information can be overwhelming. Can be hard to find the right channel to talk to.
8634,"All about the numbers without little looking at the causes. If you're unfortunate enough to have a bad territory that year, good luck trying to get out of it. Everyone knows it's about timing and territory but management will never admit that and will blame you for your lack of sales"
8664,Too many politics Blame game Leadership is too far removed from issues Finger pointing
8670,Not always the corporate culture is well implemented locally. Excessive politics
8683,Uncertainty in market due to pandemic
8699,"Dirty politics with 2-3 people on the top making moves as they want. There are scams going in for hiring processes, promotions without eligibility criterias as I heard recently. Big World. Not aware of what is available. easy to get lost while finding information."
8712,There is too many levels in decision making
8717,"Need to look after your ""brand"", internal use of gamification and characters was cheesy"
8722,No major concerns in general
8727,There is too many levels in decision making
8731,OTE Sales targets are unrealistic
8733,"Too much sales oriented, no company culture, frequent internal org change"
8747,"I had a wonderful experience working with Salesforce for the first 3 years of my employment there. However, for the 18 months that followed, my life was made hell. I am so disappointed to say that this was a result of constant bullying from female employees. I had been cursed at and shouted at by a senior female leader repeatedly and in front of other employees, and when reported this to my director was told that there was nothing he could do as she was a VP. This went on for a year. There was extreme and constant bullying, negativity and back-stabbing from females in the US Marketing department, so much so that when a colleague went to interview for that department, the Head of Marketing told her they were having lots of problems on the team with bullying and back-stabbing etc, and was it something she would be able to deal with (the answer to which was obviously no). This type of bullying just became the norm, and was totally accepted. My own first line manager, who was also female, was incapable of giving any type of constructive or positive feedback, particularly to female members of the team, would openly speak negatively about senior leaders in a team meeting setting and was regularly described as being extremely de-motivating by all team members. Again when reported to more senior leadership nothing at all was done about this. I would regularly end my day in tears, spending more time trying to ward off this bullying than being able to focus on my actual work. All of this was documented to my director, and to Employee Services however nothing was done about it. My director would speak with me maybe once every 3-4 months, so I was subjected to bullying by my manager and made to cope with this by myself. My mental health, sleep, appetite and general well-being suffered dramatically and when I mentioned this to my director he told me that I should just go to Employee Services, he also asked if maybe I was having personal issues. Again, my first few years with Salesforce were great, I had amazing team members, male and (amazing) female leaders in Ireland and Canada. However working with management and marketing dept in the US was an entirely different experience and in the end proved to be unbearable. I was stuck in a horrible situation for far too long, with no support or outlet, totally isolated and unable to seek guidance from management. I do hope something is done about the widespread and consistent bullying that is carried out by female employees in the US offices, particularly with regard to the infamously volatile and toxic Marketing Department."
8759,Sheer number of products can be difficult to get your head around but there is excellent support. Base salaries not on par with some other large tech companies.
8773,"Worst Organization Ever Managers not prepared to manage people No Carrier Path Lies , Lies and Lies"
8776,Getting used to the pace of change can take some time for some
8795,"They promote equality but the reality is the environment is toxic. Filled with 'preference' and bias, if your boss like you then you can get the good set of accounts to work on, otherwise sorry you are on your own. To protect their image of best place to work, they 'create' lame reasons to make you leave on your own or terminate you, instead of being seen as firing / layoff people. Lots of politicking between management, the Ohana is a marketing gimmick, the reality is the management are mostly ex-oracle bringing along their old habits and culture and practicing them in here. Most of the great talent had left the company and the original good culture is dying. This will be the last place I recommend anyone to join."
8800,Work-life balance easily at risk
8801,Cant think of any. Apart from be prepared to learn
8805,Frequent change in leadership Unstable business plans Job Security
8812,"I was debating whether to post this because I know it won't make a difference. But in the end, I decide to post this because I feel the need to share what we went through. Last month, Salesforce laid off a good number of customer success group members, including myself. I don't know the exact % or number, but it is not a small percentage. People will likely think I am negative toward the company because I got layoff. And you are right, who wouldn't be. Over the years, I truly believe in Salesforce and put lots of heart and soul into the company. This sudden layout is not fun and now gave me lots of uncertainty about my career and how do I support my family going forward. Salesforce talked a lot about Trust and Ohana, but this move killed both ideas for me. Where is the Trust when Salesforce let us go when the company is doing well and continue to hire many other roles. Where is the Ohana when Salesforce management cares purely about the books than the well being of the employee. Salesforce will say they are assisting those of us impacted to find another role internally. But the reality is there is little help, we are on our own to find a new position. There are some great people internally trying to help, but they are doing it on their own and not because Salesforce management asked them to. Many other hiring managers wouldn't even give us the chance or response to us. I do not blame other Salesforce Ohana not sensitive to what happened to us, it didn't happen to them, so they do not feel our pain. The bottom line is Salesforce put the books over employees which is the opposite of everything Salesforce stand for and claim to be.."
8817,So much to take on board - but not a bad thing
8818,"- A lot of micromanagement from Indian Managers. - I believe Ohana Culture is a beautiful thing, but certain Indian Managers using it wrongly to force their management believes on the employ. - Lately Hiring substandard folks from MRC's have lead to toxicity in culture in terms of politics."
8845,Political hurdles hinder upward mobility within the company.
8857,"Managers are horrible coaches, when you don't do well they basically push you out instead out training or coaching"
8858,"Micromanagement: We have WEEKLY targets which fist of all requires Sales reps to justify themselves every week and exerts unnecessary pressure to close deals to unrealistic timelines which is damaging the client relationship. This also leads to non-stop pressure on a weekly basis which leaves no time to regenerate after a stressful month-end. While we are free to structure our days as we wish there are countless data points collected in the CRM which is used as a tool by management to exert additional pressure. Management style: We are not treated like professionals but more like interns who are here to learn and need to proof we are worthy of doing the job we are hired for. There is nothing more important than closing as many deals as possible as quickly as possible. Based on this all decisions are made disregarding the client relationship, the professional opinion of the sales rep or the health and the wellbeing of the rep. Unrealistic goals: Quotas are set unrealistically and only a handful of people are going to make their targets this year. On a bad month you go home with 2000 Euro which does not leave you much to live with an average room rent of 1200 Euro. Two of the teammates even live in camper vans."
8867,"Slow progress in terms of work (due to good work-life balance) as people take things slowly, Exaggerated portrayal of trust as a core value"
8868,As someone in a services role we are often second fiddle to the people selling software
8873,You will learn less due to the low stress
8886,"Big corporation: You need to pay a lot of attention to the metrics, you cant really change things, your territory can affect your result quite a lot (but to be fair they are trying to be fair about it), extremely difficult to hit OTE in the first years, not much support or marketing materials for non-US small business sales"
8893,- Org changes happen too often
8894,Not an engineering-focussed organisation. Minimal data-driven decision making.
8903,No cons except Covid freeze impacting promotions
8904,"Constant change, Turf Wars, Role Duplication"
8914,"- Conflict in office politic, but able to manage it"
8925,"Stressful, Target-oriented, Bad Location, Slow career progression"
8929,"slow career progression, promotions not decided in a fair and transparent way"
8937,"A lot of change might not suit everyone Even though still a bit of startup vibe, becoming more corporate"
8945,Sales strategy is outdated and would be modernized
8957,Much more conservative in business decision making internally than you would think. Middle management is of patchy quality due to lack of structured career paths and leadership development Think.
8958,Sometimes acquisition growth can be overwhelming.
8960,No such con at the time
8968,A lot of politicking. Too much patting on the back.
8973,"micromanagement, lot of pressure, no leadership"
8993,The targets in sales are tough
8999,Too many training are required
9003,"High pressure Barely any support, especially during Covid Did not take the targets being harder to achieve into account when Covid started which caused a very stressful atmosphere. People were working harder and getting paid less, without recognition."
9006,"Big machine, tough to challenge."
9020,It can take a while to climb the ladder
9023,Micromanagement. Recent leadership doesn't go to bat for their team. A lot less autonomy than there use to be.
9039,salary is a major issue is there
9040,lots of bds and market saturated
9047,It grew from 15K people to 55K in 5 years and is now a gigantic structure. Do not look for startup culture.
9048,No yearly performance reviews. No yearly salary increase. Change management every year. Toxic environment. Self-centred people. Back-stabbing culture. People higher up take credit for work others have done. Everyone is there for the money and pretend to make the world a better place. If management doesn't like you they'll make sure you won't progress in your career.
9055,It depends under which org you are... unfortunately my org sucks including Senior Managements.....All the Senior Management and Mid Management in my org are administrators not leaders........
9064,"Big corporate ladder, difficulty to make things change quickly"
9077,Only the amount of pressure you will put on yourself to succeed.
9081,"Difficult to get in the company but once you’re in, you’re good to go."
9087,"To many sales people, not enough growth accounts to match targets"
9089,"Given the size, too many processes and can be bureaucratic."
9093,Seems to be regularly restructuring which is worrying re. job security.
9095,"Dirty politics with 2-3 people on the top making moves as they want. There are scams going in for hiring processes, promotions without eligibility criterias as I heard recently. Big World. Not aware of what is available. easy to get lost while finding information."
9098,They promotion is mostly external
9100,"work-life-balance, pressure, processes monster, team alignment"
9104,Big companies are not for everyone. Might be challenges to keep up with the corporate “rules”
9106,too complex to natvigate and not enough support
9107,Ohana? HaHaHa...There is no such a culture
9122,give more stocks and money to people that overachieve quota year by year
9126,Culture can sometimes feel a little oppressive but maybe that’s the price for the massive upside.
9127,No downsides I could see
9135,"Given the size, too many processes and can be bureaucratic."
9139,Not that much support from product
9141,There is no such drawback
9156,"Big corporate ladder, difficulty to make things change quickly"
9157,・bureaucratic personnel system ・Management salary is not so high.
9161,- None - Sometimes one gets the feeling that things are changing too fast. Not necessarily a bad thing though
9165,- Harder to climb the career ladder in some teams; can be very much related to tenure
9173,It grew from 15K people to 55K in 5 years and is now a gigantic structure. Do not look for startup culture.
9182,Political and need to know the right people
9183,~Work load is too much.
9188,Number driven Org too huge and complex
9189,"rigid structure, lot of bureaucracy, too many people"
9190,Not great much for another solution like marketing cloud
9204,"I don't think this review will change anything inside the company, but I hope it will enable people considering to join take a more informed decision. 1] Consider this: They fired several people on the back of the strongest quarter in company's history, that too in the middle of pandemic! Mark promised no layoffs for 3 months, and looked like he was waiting for 3 months to be over. LOL. 2] Unhealthy competition between global teams. US teams typically are more prone to hiding information from other teams across the globe. If you don't know the requirement, you can't build the system, and if you can't build the system, you are labelled as incompetent. (Sr.) Directors/ (Sr.) Managers will NEVER take accountability to gather the necessary information, and delegate all work to ICs (even freshers in some case). Since ICs are ill-equipped to make senior managers or directors in the US to divulge information, they practically get blocked, which results in underperformance discussions for ICs. This brings me to the next important claim by Salesforce - ""Embrace Feedback and Promote Transparency""! 3] I personally know people who would speak up to management (""see something, say something""). Somehow, those were the people who typically got impacted by ""restructuring"". Secondly, all this talk about transparency, and they won't divulge your performance ratings to you. This is the only place this happens. So my question is, if the employee doesn't know how the manager sees their performance, how would they take an informed decision on what next to expect or even challenge that assessment. The performance conversations are always positive from managers, so managers don't need to worry about the internal survey ratings from their team! OH MY, WHAT A MESS. Who's to stop managers from saying you performed awesome, but put a rating of 2 in the backend system? There are more, but I think you would have got an idea by now that the work environment is, at best, extremely toxic inside the sugar coated candy that gets presented to the outside world."
9206,becoming a large enterprise with some politics
9214,US centric. Little to no decision making in local markets. Slow to change course during a fiscal year. All accounts basically treated the same. Internal politics and split disputes will be the ruin of SFDC.
9215,"At 20 years old and growing fast, you can see some growing pains. Lack of ""big company"" structure sometimes causes internal strife. Talking can overcome this, but it may require some more disciplined approaches in the future."
9224,There are a number of incompetent leaders who diminish the abilities and talent of the people reporting to them. Company is very sales and revenue focused which often drives the wrong behavior in the sales teams - making them less concerned about doing what's right for the customer in favor of making their quotas. Customer Success team is hugely understaffed.
9226,no cons to share at this stage
9237,Too much speedy. Revenue driven culture so number is everything. when you assign bad territory it's so miserable to survive.
9240,9All the policies are not implemented strictly example Dream force and New Hire orientation(boot camp) especially in India (because of budget). Lot of Local Management in India and lot of internal politics
9244,"Normal sales organiation BS, unrealistic targets sometimes"
9246,Too many politics. Not as much personal development as promised. New compensation structure does not recognize or reward top performers as much.
9248,Company maturing and culture starting to fade. Missed the wave by a couple of years.
9251,"Unless you're a ""yes"" man or a kiss-a$$, you'll never succeed at this company. Oh - and you need to be young, hip and good-looking to even be considered."
9259,"Disregard for careers, bad culture"
9268,"Politics at play, some bad managers busy with making themselves look good at the expense of employees"
9269,The pace is extremely high and targets are increased year on year without increasing salaries or commissions. Sales fighting over account and opportunity ownership is common.
9273,Oracle 2.0 Over inflated characters who spend most of their time preening their egos Vicious political infighting Revolving door management
9275,"constant change can be frustrating at times, huge egos especially amongst some key people. Type of environment you either love or hate. There is no middle ground"
9276,Employees are commodity and impossible to reach your targets.
9277,- People coming from a startup culture might find the pace a bit slow sometimes.
9280,Management has no clue. Broken leadership ladder.
9283,"Fair too many Sales People Changing Patchs each Year Sales people stealing Deals or Opps Only a few people seem to hit target Over the top "" we are the best"""
9288,"The absolute worst, hands down."
9291,"It has become more important to be seen to do something than actually do it and becoming increasingly political. Salesforce isnt known to promote from within. Respected staff are overlooked for promotion in favour of more recent political plants about 10% of the sales team earn near their ote, the rest make do on their basic. All of the above are resulting in poor morale and unrealistic expectations being set for new employees. If considering a role in sales ensure you can survive on basic as you won't hit toe unless you are very lucky."
9295,projects not aligning with long term vision.
9296,Depending on the markets there can be some internal competition.
9298,Lower income potential than originally thought.
9299,"Normal sales organiation BS, unrealistic targets sometimes"
9306,no clear direction internally within company
9318,"small territories. High targets. The ""godfather"" style in management."
9322,"Unless in sales and/or in the US, opportunities to move are not as available"
9325,Culture is slowly dropping down
9331,Moving too fast!! maybe time to slow down to review it's neccessary to move this fast!!?
9333,1. Pressure. Getting Leads without any Database from Company.
9334,"Poor top level management No focus on India Unhealthy Politics Unrealistic targets Firing of employees is normal Becoming Oracle/IBM culturally Delhi office - 40 ppl ( which I was part of) were fired without any reason or prior intimation and were not even given an option to move to another location. To top it ,they hired goons, fearing a retaliation from the employees , which never happened . Some of these 40 ppl felt cheated as they were super performers and were bringing in business for the company , month on month . Worst ever severance I have heard in the industry 2months"
9337,Very bureaucratic as the culture is shifting away from whatever startup mentality that they had.
9340,some redundant teams just float around.
9346,numbers can be tough to hit in certain territories
9364,"A lot of inequality in how territories are broken out Management is generally good but there are people who have been promoted into management roles because of tenure, not because they're actually good managers"
9387,- can be difficult to move roles internally
9388,The company has Bad communication strategies
9398,"Bureaucracy, very political"
9399,Hard to manoeuvre internally for promotion across segments
9400,"Political agenda, not Enterprise ready"
9403,Difficult work/life balanace at times
9411,"- It is very difficult to move up/around if you are not in HQ or don't want to move there - They talk a lot about work-life balance and career advancement, but nothing has changed, in fact it seems to have gotten worse - Turnover is high, some leave out of frustration and some are let go (some we know why, others not so much) - The egos are huge (in certain positions), probably some of the problem with upward mobility and career advancement, they are looking elsewhere for a better candidate than internal, then they hire them and realize they don't fit the culture or understand our value prop and let them go"
9416,"politically charged environment favoritism and cronyism abounds in-fighting between teams, dissipating culture of mutual supportiveness inconsistent standards across departments - not all teams pushed to deliver."
9419,poor vetting of senior management - revolving door.
9427,- too many VP's/SVP's without knowing what value they add - not enough growth in supporting roles - no focus on training
9428,"Highly competative environment that lends itself to favoritism & backhanded ways of moving up the latter (@ss kissing, throwing colleagues under the bus) Difficult place to get ahead in unless you kill yourself Work life balance can be difficult when trying to advance in career There is so much going on, at times it's almost too much. It's hard to keep up with all the changes and management doesn't do a great time of giving you time to be trained when changes arise Has lost the startup vibe- which means the employees suffer. SFDC is now more concerned with making money than protecting their employees"
9429,Lack of communication from top management . Sometimes even acquisitions are not communicated in the right way . Not many options for career advancement .
9430,"- senior mgmt doesn't have a clue, so we get powerpoint to death and corporate mumbo jumbo that gets annoying quick - no innovation anymore, refer to 1st point for reasoning - become highly political and promo's are slow, resulting in backstabbing, etc. - most annoying thing is execution as it's horrible and sfdc is just talk and no substance, some examples include: i) appexchange and the platform has been talked about for years and yet they're still literally at ground zero, partly due to horrible relationship/setup with partner community. ii) they talk about asia being fastest growing market for them, yet thats just false hype as marc himself says he don't care about china market at all since there's no results. it seems they don't want to invest unless they see results, sort of like chicken/egg problem."
9432,"Because of the growht of the company the hiring was too fast and now there are some people that has not the level to keep with the company expectations . Sometimes decisions can be political and based in ""what have to do"" and not in ""what shoul do"". Very poor HR level."
9436,"- Not really a meritocracy, although likes to be seen as one - Too many right place right time promotions to those without the ability, leading to failure - Political in many parts of the organisation - Long hours to get anywhere - Salaries reviewed infrequently"
9446,"We work hard, but we play hard too :)"
9455,The pace isn't for everyone. The shiny lights turn to spotlights once you're carrying quota. There is a revolving door for those that can't hit their numbers or cannot adapt to the environment. Put your best foot forward!
9467,"There are too many AEs and not enough territory. I increased revenue in my territory by 400%, and didn't hit quota. Only 20% of AE's in my vertical hit their quota, and all of them had been there for 5+ years."
9470,Beware of your territory assignment if you are in sales. High turnover and growth dictate that territories may not be sustainable.
9484,"Starting to have huge company feel, at times disconnect from hubs to SF, Crazy (but fun) growth expectations"
9492,Still got a lot of growing to do so is somewhat tactical compared to other enterprise software companies. If you join - come planning on helping to create solutions not follow someone else's plan
9502,"Things change fast! The company is growing very quickly hiring nearly 6000 people this past year. Not really a bad thing, but definitely something to be prepared to adapt quickly to personnel and technology changes."
9506,Some messaging fails to get down to all levels. Some lower level managers focus on things that do not seem aligned to who we are and how we do it and seem to focus too much on cost savings. Internal promotions seem to be passed up as an opportunity to grow existing talent over hiring outsiders that come in and have to learn the culture (which takes a little time)
9513,No real cons. There is so much opportunity in the market that it's difficult to get to it all. Quality people that have to ramp quickly when they come on board.
9529,Hiring and promotion decisions are at times perplexing. Senior leadership seems disconnected from the masses. The organization is getting big - HR needs to be more involved and influence more.
9531,"slow to change, slow releases, becoming more political"
9550,- Too much to learn - Not a lot of guidance in certain areas - Micro-managed in certain roles
9560,"Office driven culture, very transactional, you will not make money if you are put in a bad territory. Office politics are some of the worst I have ever experienced. Zero diversity, no women managers."
9563,"It is definitely overwhelming but, that's the only con."
9580,"IT Management has devolved into a completely political organization. Success is defined by who you know, not by the work you do or your results. Promotion to management is unplanned and turnover is high."
9583,Strategic accounts buying cycles can are feast or famine.
9588,Product management group is dysfunctional Limited accountability to managers and engineers Some people/groups spend more time arguing why something is too hard rather than just doing it
9589,growth becomes stagnant after couple years
9601,people that makes no sense but have the authority.
9615,"You could very likely be overworked and under resourced - employees stretched way too thin. You could have a poor untrained middle manager w/ a VP title and little experience in their area or managing people well. You will likely encounter a growing list of unhappy customers particularly in the small business sector as the products are too expensive and too hard to use. Managers/exes running scared looking for scapegoats, and you could be one of them."
9620,"Very few accounts to work on, recruiter basically lied to me told me I could make tons of $$$. I left a high paying job for the promise of a higher paying one. Found out it's all a lie and only the ones that have been there forever are making any money. People are jumping like rats on a ship and their turnover is more than 50%. Management has no clue. Neither does Marc Benioff."
9621,Lots of chaos and growing pains
9631,"Now that it's much larger, a little harder to rise up as fast"
9636,People high UP misuse the company provisions travelling in first class to other office locations either to fulfill their pleasure trip (or) to meet their dates (or) to accomplish their private tasks.... Nobody scruitinizes their trip and expenses. HR as usual sucks up to higher management Women employees are discouraged from promotions No proper procedure on how people are promoted A single person can get 3 promotions in 3 consecutive years. Whereas a person working for 10 years may not get even a single promotion in the name of being incompetent . They can cook up any name for it. Often female employees are targeted.
9640,"Strong emphasis on management training, poor execution. HR Issues go un-answered"
9643,Easy to get caught in a turf war Managers promoted from technical staff - some try and solve people problems as if it were a coding exercise Product is a specific tool generalized to a platform
9645,"Staying informed among the management chain changes. Lots of movement - all good things but definitely not doing a great job communicating those changes to employees first. I'm fortunate because I work in a department privy to that info, but to speak on behalf of other departments not close to HR, I know they feel lost and surprised too often. Many times creating unnecessary scares causing folks to prematurely jump ship - most boomerang back but k feel if we could get in front of this, we could reduce the boomerang rate. Additionally, RSU and overall stock grants to a limited number of employees. At my former employer, I was given RSUs off the bat but not here at SFDC and I've been here almost 5 years and in a fairly senior role. Not sure why that's the case. Colleagues feel the same and those good friends of mine who got stock are shocked I have none. Seems like a basic perk but it's not given to everyone :("
9654,Not enough SE's - we are leaving business on the table Long hours/not enough people in the right roles Lots of back office duplication - - leaders not willing to make tough choices Only execs get cars - not the doers
9661,Management very rigid not willing to allow employees to shape their own careers. Upper level management often fails to understand the work that is being done because they are too far removed.
9666,"Still operating as a start up. Lacking programatic approaches and there is a lack of fiscal responsibility. Another thing noticed is a lot of ""punting the ball"" as there is no accountability."
9680,"Difficult to keep work-life balance in check, demanding management/customers, lots of inflated egos. Losing its start-up feel and getting too big corporate."
9683,It is not a startup anymore. Too much top down management
9710,"Sales Strat and Ops is understaffed for the business growth and demands, resulting in poor work/life balance Heavy focus on reporting combined with hiring overly qualified candidates leads to limited opportunity to develop skills, especially for analysts Managers are often not fully equipped to be effective people managers"
9720,"As the company grows, the corporate ladder becomes difficult to navigate. Sometimes it's hard to create new roles or explore career options as roles become set in a certain pattern."
9725,"High growth often comes through acquisitions which can be stressful, no matter how good you are at doing them Getting a little larger and more bureaucratic Aggressive hiring leading to loss of pure SaaS evangelists (latecomers aren't as passionate about the SaaS model)"
9727,"Small territories, 10 accounts Politics Oraclization happening"
9734,Difficult to move up or across functions due to the massive scale of external hiring. The startup culture is fading with scale.
9745,"bureaucracy creeping in, losing focus at times"
9755,"Growing too fast, sometimes too many internal political work"
9766,"- recruiter are rude, they don't care"
9767,No concerns to share about Salesforce
9769,"too big, promotions are bureaucratic"
9771,"Stressful, high demanding Sales Organization - many times unrealistic goals like ""monthly participation"" which mean all AE's commit to bringing in a deal monthly."
9791,The workload might be not proportional from sprint to sprint.
9792,Large already hard to grow
9797,"Too much processes, less stock"
9803,Senior leadership only cares about numbers and not people. Lack of women in leadership.
9808,Growing pains at our clip
9810,"Toxic, back biting, gossip, no one can say the emperor has no clothes, completely subjective"
9812,"You need to have a certain disposition to fit in here. There's a sort of cult vibe going on that's hard to explain. Everyone tries to be positive about everything to a fault and questioning things is a no-no. Those that don't drink the Kool-Aid can feel alienated. Endless amount of training and distractions that had nothing to do with my job, and often interfered with getting the real work done."
9818,"Toxic culture for smaller teams, perfectionism is valued, senior leadership is unreliable, no work/life balance, HR is biased towards long-term employees"
9831,"As with any large company, bureaucracy can become an issue."
9837,Large company with corporate politicking required to advance
9856,Pay is low relative to other SaaS companies and creating even territories is a challenge for management - some people thrive and others starve and it is typically not due to differences in skill set.
9864,Less than 5% of people there have any kind if sense of urgency about anything. Why fix something today when you can do it tomorrow? :(
9874,the culture is abhorrent and perpetuated by weak management
9881,High stress Misunderstandings with management Can’t move up easily
9886,- sometimes managers can be micromanagers - every february there is a reorganization/retiering of accounts - meaning you have a brand new territory every year (typically) this can either be good or bad
