,cons
69,"New program had some minor bumps, but was generally great. I believe the program could be improved by extending the time frame by several months."
160,"There is really no downtime or slow seasons. The pressure to deliver growth every month, quarter, and year is part of what makes this company so great, but can also be exhausting if not properly managed."
277,No Cons as such. No negative reviews. All are positive
472,To improve the sale of company products
538,Not a good place to work if you want to live lavishly without any work.
619,Young management in Sales Development. Out grown the office space. Less competition over internal talent. Allow the employee to choose the career path they want.
644,"Very slow career progression, despite being a consistent high performer. Pay increases are similarly scarce within marketing."
789,"Limited growth opportunities and a lot of churn projects you might not find satisfaction in. Less strategy, more art and logistics (due to heavy event and presentation focus). Highly matrixed causing sometimes needless delays and pivots."
829,No applicable for me since I have no cons to say. This is a very good company to work for.
946,Lack of work/life balance in the sales organization
963,Not very many. Some challenges to handle delivery st scale.
979,"HQ focus. Remote employee do not have as good perk as HQ.,"
1090,Not for everyone Monthly Cadence Lots of Pressure
1193,"Fast moving with the training and projects, seems a bit like drinking from a firehose."
1213,"Terrible work-life balance, they expect long hours and push you extremely hard with not a lot of recognition or performance appreciation. They unfairly pay women employees even though there has been an effort to correct it. In the Sales organization is still a very close-knit boys club with no women leaders. Politics will get the best of you rather than actually focusing on getting the job done"
1293,Get ready to live month to month in sales. That's all it's above. Make the month.
1413,Career growth is proportional to how aggressive/ambitious you are. This results in sometimes putting work life balance in jeopardy.
1515,Poor wage and work life balance
1534,"no internet bill reimbursement no work life balance at all , 12 hours work 365 days too many meetings engineers will be involved even in quarter planning for 7 ppl in team for sr.manager and sr.product manager. 3.5L their for employee education/certification but you can claim only if you pass... very bad, looks like for namesake this is there. small teams less than 10 ppl including manager and product manager."
1564,"Culture, shift timings, processes, not much automation"
1581,"No space for creativity All hours have to be billable to a clients, which is stressful. More work than in the average company. Many employees are close to burnout. Very difficult to move up the career ladder unless you have a certain profile."
1834,"Management can be a bit obsessive with metrics, changing how they measure them almost on a weekly basis"
1836,"1.Not the best money 2. A lot of yearly corporate trainings, adds up to the work you need to do"
2051,"Culture merge from acquisitions can be challenging, long hours, due to high amount of acquisitions newly integrated employees end up feeling siloed from the original salesforce ""core"" set of solutions and teams."
2132,multiple cloud specialists compete internally for account revenue
2305,"Due to significant growth and promotions, customers have began to complain about their Salesforce Team changing. I will say, this is not a Salesforce specific issue."
2360,"Intense at times. Silo breaking must go on. Process of getting approvals to push features is not basic. Context switching between projects, some shutdowns / restarts based on resources is pretty regular, at least in my org. SF Downtown location is challenging for some due to long commute, though shuttles are offered along 101 and other routes."
2363,"-Bro culture -uneven territory distribution -Constant shuffling of divisions -unattainable goals (most sales teams only had 1-2 people who hit goal out of 12) -Constant pressure/fear of being fired -Managers tend to manage up to their managers, do not focus on team members success"
2399,"still operates and thinks like a start up, even though it is a company worth $35 billion"
2427,"Big company, lots f churn"
2502,"There are 2 cons in my mind: 1) The reward for good work is more work. 2) They say that they follow agile methodologies, but it is really a crude bastardization of disconnected process."
2634,"HQ focus. Remote employee do not have as good perk as HQ.,"
2766,Rigid rigor app for it
2779,It was incredibly difficult to understand expectations for promotion and went through several reorganizations and managers.
2799,"Typical big company bureaucracy and politics. Motivation is to monetize what already exists, and this comes at the cost of innovation."
2803,Large company that has too many products
2805,All the positive Glassdoor reviews for Salesforce are the same. That's because they make new employees lie and fill out five star reviews saying they've been there a year during new employee orientation. Ohana is just propaganda. This company is incredibly irresponsible with their customers and you will feel bad every day working here. Read the one star reviews and ignore the identical fake five star reviews.
2890,"Stressful monthly cadence, lots of prospecting, zero gimmes"
2953,"- competitive nature - difficult to move around internally in the hubs (since they tend to be sales focused, primarily)"
2959,not enough transparency between management and employees
2971,"Work/Life balance, quite a lot pressure (even if positive)"
3225,Benefits at the office Clear promotion vision Too much non qualified managers and reps
3359,"no internet bill reimbursement no work life balance at all , 12 hours work 365 days too many meetings engineers will be involved even in quarter planning for 7 ppl in team for sr.manager and sr.product manager. 3.5L their for employee education/certification but you can claim only if you pass... very bad, looks like for namesake this is there. small teams less than 10 ppl including manager and product manager."
3361,Limited career progression at senior level if not in sales
3373,Less number of leaves in company
3416,"- CSG (professional services & tech support) treated like second-class citizens (comp & stock allocation). Compensation barely on-par with Deloitte, etc. - Employees bombarded with too much information via multiple channels - Too many unwarranted acquisitions (Professional Services). Salesforce acquires Tier-III service companies for no apparent reason. Confused strategy , and it upsets the Partner ecosystem - Services sales people selling staff augmentation projects to make quota"
3427,Product integration Acquisitions have had an impact on message
3431,Routine works took up much time.
3488,Very salesy culture. Lots of q4 and end of month pressure.
3649,Promotion process is lengthly. need to engage quickly
3704,Q4 can be a challenging time at SF.
3711,I believe I am underpaid in this market (100k base + 10% bonus)
3762,Continued work/life balance and etc.
3858,Nothing to say. Everything is great.
3876,Nothing to say. Everything is great.
4204,"Lots of products, as a Core AE you need to know a lot about everything. The first year is hard, but it does get easier"
4304,hardest part is navigating internal resources
4310,Continued work/life balance and etc.
4348,Way too many meetings and process. These are often big company issues.
4373,There can be frustration working within the company
4406,"Working from home, small team bounding"
4425,"As someone whose been with the company many years, it has transitioned from a smaller, agile, product-focused company to a Marketing and Sales holding company that does little or no product development. Nearly every major product announcement over the last few years featured huge fanfare, but resulted in the product dying a quiet end within 2 years. Pretty much every major product announcement now is just a Marketing 're-alignment', rebranding existing products, not actually developing anything new. All innovation is bought, not developed internally, and there is little sign that the various acquisitions (Mule, Tableau, Slack) are actually creating a 2+2=5 effect. It really feels like a bunch of independent companies that are owned by the same conglomerate. The focus on growth by acquisition also means very limited growth opportunities internally since the existing products aren't really growing or innovating significantly, it isn't creating new positions. A new, related phenomenon is that in order to retain talent, many low-to-middle managers are getting 'promotions in place', i.e. they are getting a bigger title and more money without additional responsibility because their orgs aren't growing. So you see lots of VPs with only two directs who are also VPs, creating lots of unnecessary layers of management who all feel they have to micromanage those below them in order to show they are 'adding value'. This lack of organic growth means a lot of people are attritting because they don't see any real career path. Career development isn't a focus beyond the first line of management. After that its all operations, process and programs. Manager success is evaluated on how many programs did you develop and market, not how many employees did you develop or how productive and happy is your team. Another issue is the split between the company image and Sales. While I do think a lot of product and engineering people do really believe in the company values, remember, this is a company founded by a Sales Guy. There is a very cutthroat sales mentality inherited from Oracle that often sees sales reps and leaders blatantly ignore values like trust, equality and customer success in order to hit their quarterly number. Sales is really the #1 value. The large and not rationalized product stack means that often sales reps are pitted against each other because they have overlapping products, and the result can be the customer gets the product of the better rep, not the product they need. Many products are 'zombie' products with no future product development and virtually no support staff, but because there are reps with quota on them, they are still being sold despite the fact that the customer will likely attrit in a couple of years once they realize they've been sold a lemon. Turnover in the Sales org also means a lot of inexperienced account execs who have zero understanding of the products or the company culture but are still being put on big accounts. Over and over you'll hear how solutions teams are the most vital part of the sales organization, but every award, spiff or shoutout goes to the sales rep. You'll hear about some amazing demo that sold the deal but the only names you will here are 5 different reps/AEs, like they did all the work themselves. They'll pat themselves on the back, go off to sales club and collect a massive commission and the SE will get back to work. Another thing most new employees won't notice at first because they just got their nice offer package, is that Salesforce hires at much higher dollar amount than it pays existing employees. Pretty much every new hire will make a LOT more than everyone else on a team. It's joked repeatedly that if you want a raise or promotion, your best option is to leave the company and get re-hired in a year. Stock is incredibly stingy. Unlike most tech companies that do yearly refreshes, you will be lucky to get new RSUs every 3-4 years, even for very top performers. Many relatively senior employees (15+ years overall experience, 4+ with company) have NO stock. A team of 10 might get 2-3 stock refreshes in a year. This is the #1 retention tool, and yet Salesforce consistently lags behind all competitors here. A lot of lip-service is given to the 'giving back' part of the company. When I joined this was for real. You got a week of VTO time, and if you used all that you'd get a sizeable grant to give to a charity of your choice. They removed the grants a few years ago without making any real announcement. The VTO time is still there but if you are above a certain level, you are on 'unlimited' PTO (which means you can take what you want, but only if your manager is cool AND you don't feel guilty about taking off during whatever crisis is currently happening). This makes the VTO time meaningless, since it just gets blurred in with PTO and sick leave."
4509,busy at work Many internal meetings
4514,HQ centric hiring focus on SF
4607,"nothing to say, very good company"
4762,"Rapid growth is a good thing, but we are seeing an infusion of old school executives that are trying to turn Salesforce into Oracle - not good"
4864,Product management leadership focused on flash instead of substance
4896,"Their engineering practices are still evolving and are somewhat primitive. Most of the technical staff are from a small number of places, and don't seem to have a lot of perspective on what they're doing."
4928,"Fast moving with the training and projects, seems a bit like drinking from a firehose."
4937,"There are 2 cons in my mind: 1) The reward for good work is more work. 2) They say that they follow agile methodologies, but it is really a crude bastardization of disconnected process."
4938,- Organizational change is difficult. Everything changes every month on the Marketing Cloud Support team. This will calm down as the Marketing Cloud assimilates further into Salesforce practices.
4946,Not for everyone Monthly Cadence Lots of Pressure
4971,"Not many I can think of truthfully. Salesforce is a large company, so a lot is happening around you. It's up to you to stay up on things as they move."
5010,- Cliquey - Work/Life balance has been lost since Salesforce acquisition - With Salesforce acquisition you are now just a number for this big machine. Opportunities for advancement/pay raise is very limited. - Morale of employees is low. Some people would be willing to tell you about their issues or you can tell just by reading their body language
5026,"Things get stressful around Dreamforce, but it's manageable. Plus, everyone is going through it so you're never alone."
5079,Really not the best place for work life balance. Specific to my org unorganized not the clearest overall plan. Lack of support members to the ratio of employees.
5117,"Comp plans reward AE's, SE's not so much. High growth causes issues with quality of mid level management HQ/SF focus, remote employees seem to have a harder path to success Incredible title inflation, over thousand+ VPs Co-prime bus rolling into complex deals creates competing goals Need to proactively manage your career or you may get run over."
5155,"-long ramp time, 6-8 months"
5209,It's an awesome place to work at. No Cons at the moment.
5470,Apart form shift jobs all is good here.
5488,"Interoffice scuttlebutt is of course an issue, but it's not a problem unique to Salesforce by any means. In the division I am a part of, there is no formalized training or onboarding program, so the first couple weeks can be rough while you get acclimated. With all the growth, sales territories are constantly being moved around and this can make rapport building with clients difficult."
5545,Lack of work/life balance in the sales organization
5570,Product metrics are really hard to come by - it could take 4 months+ just to learn if anyone is using what my team had built.
5593,Getting really big and corporate
5908,"Large company, easy to get lost"
6113,scale to large customers can be spotty given project lifecycles
6127,"Lots of growing pains around processes and policies. Some of this is inevitable with growth. Yet, some of this could be avoided too. Work/Life balance not great, but getting better. Company changes priorities fairly often. Maybe this is what's needed for the company to succeed, but it's sometimes disruptive. Heroes are often rewarded over teams who work well together."
6215,comp First level of management seem to be new to management
6446,It was incredibly difficult to understand expectations for promotion and went through several reorganizations and managers.
6521,"Covid19, constant change, changing internal systems"
6671,"The office is getting cramped as we're growing so quickly! We'll be moving to a new office in two years, though"
6699,No transportation free/paid services provided by company f
6712,Work/Life balance is difficult at times
6739,* As mentioned the learning curve is steep. It can become overwhelming at times in terms of learning the products but also trying to perfect your sales technique. The support structures are there but if you are previously unexperienced in tech sales (like i was) there will be days when you feel a lot of pressure.
6801,very corporate hierarchy but will suit some
6849,Sales pressure.. and i dont know anymore
6872,"-Director is not technical which means he will only judge you on how much you can flatter him/ He is very rude and manipulates our personal space. -They will tell people to bring expensive gifts and don't return the money. - Director firstly takes people who are not good in english and then insults them in public - Time schedule is 9-6 where reaching on 9 is compulsory but they try to make you work at late night/ Salesforce gives time to work for NGO but director plans it in a way that its on weekend to ruin your weekend. - HR (Hyderabad and Bangalore) is his friend so no complain can goes beyond these people. - They harassed people way too much (insulting in front of everyone, pressurized for exams, Community work, attending trainings, making PPT for director/managers work, etc all together. - Director has divided his task to all team members and watches videos in office - Director and manager with his HR friends are always out for lunch (which I feel was our team's budget) and take us out once or twice to a really cheap place, infact we are not allowed to go out for lunch because according to director it is waste of time. - If you are away from your desk for more than 15 min, you will get messages and calls asking where are you and come back soon. -Get leaves approved by director is such a pain, he converts your sick leave into annual. - Recently they started dutching money everyweekend and take people for pubbing where they drink alot and half of the team doesn't drink, so they drink from employees money -If you think you can get transfer within salesforce to another team, it will take you minimum 2 years and only if you can flatter the Director by giving details of employees which he can use against each of the member of the team when he wants to, come by 9 to office, do his PPT, keep notes of everybody's time, and all demoralizing stuff only then transfer can start. There are so many things, in short Director is psycho and wants to control everything, he shows things differently to Tod(manipulates content)."
7004,Work/Life balance is difficult at times
7078,Annually changing patch so AE's start fresh
7083,- Becoming much larger company - some red tape to move things along at a fast pace - Sometimes too large of a team to support clients (roles and responsibilities blurry at times)
7185,"Stressful monthly cadence, lots of prospecting, zero gimmes"
7204,"Stressful monthly cadence, lots of prospecting, zero gimmes"
7219,Minimal as such an epic company
7232,Minimal as such an epic company
7361,Less number of leaves in company
7398,Management Sucks. Politics in the Industry Cloud. Not a Good company for Fresher. Not so much to learn.
7587,Compensation not rewarded for loyalty Retention Loyalty Salary Reorgs
7699,"Things get stressful around Dreamforce, but it's manageable. Plus, everyone is going through it so you're never alone."
7865,Large company with a lot of moving parts and a little bit of politics. Pretty standard stuff for a growing organization.
7963,"Teams are very siloed. Head's down work environment. A lot of people do not participate in work events because they're too busy. If you're in services department, you won't have the best work/life balance"
8006,"For being a tech company, this place could not keep anyone in IT for longer than 2 years, it seemed. Salesforce has a ridiculous hierarchy that is rather militant in the way it handles internal communications (""My door is always open; however, you better not come to me before person a, b, c, and d""). There is 0 transparency although they preach this in every pointless meeting they make you sit through. This company caters heavily to the Sales side of business, and no where else. If you are IT in any sense of that side of business, then you can expect to be held to your best performing day for your entire career no matter how much of an outlier that day was, if you prove to be competent with what you do you can expect to be overloaded with work enough for those who are not, and then held to their expectations on top of your own. Oh, and those people will get promoted before you, because you are too ""valuable"" to move from your spot. And you can never expect to hear what you do right; every 1:1 you have with management is everything that you could possibly be doing better, always. No thanks, no 'atta-boys, nothing. You think you have co-workers in other departments? The people you assist are your companies User's that you support? Maybe these co-workers/users are your future friends/buddies? No. You have customers. And you treat them as such at all times. Your co-workers for the first few months of being hired are pretty great typically, until the vibe of this company is finally realized; which leads them into the cutthroat, every (wo)man for his/herself environment that management breeds. As a cherry on the top; Salesforce has this underlying community called femmeforce. Now this could be innocent, and it could potentially do a lot of great things; however this is not what it is being used for and many of the current management are women who are extremely active in this community for the wrong reasons. In our office 90% of the people who are leaving/being bullied out are male, and 70-80% of the new hires are women. The obvious preferential treatment, and the lack of others who care enough to do anything about it is ulimately why I left this company. I performed in the top 5 of a 40+ member team consistently across all stats; closures, professionalism, ""customer"" satisfaction, SLA; however, I was still offered an ultimatum: a severance package that is really hard to look away from, or the promise of an official write up that would not go the way I wanted, just because I was male working under a radical feminist. That is not a joke, and not an exaggeration."
8040,"Salesforce app culture sometimes make things very interrupt-driven and /or seems like doing anything requrires inputting a lot of detail into the system. I get it from a macro level, but it can be a lot"
8042,"The way we plan and deliver projects are painfully slow and the focus on output, rather than outcome is promoting damaging behaviors. We are force to used in-house tools for planning and tracking our project work in the teams, they are so lacking functionality, and fixing that is a low priority."
8086,- Not necessarily a con but a little disengaged from the rest of Salesforce in other buildings--employees need to put in an extra effort to be/feel part of the main Salesforce office around Chicago - Lots of change organizationally but office leadership is mindful of how this impacts employees and is actively working to make these changes more understandable and transparent
8115,"Comp plans reward AE's, SE's not so much. High growth causes issues with quality of mid level management HQ/SF focus, remote employees seem to have a harder path to success Incredible title inflation, over thousand+ VPs Co-prime bus rolling into complex deals creates competing goals Need to proactively manage your career or you may get run over."
8158,"-long ramp time, 6-8 months"
8278,some product lines still evolving at the expense of lower sales and customer attrit
8463,Apart form shift jobs all is good here.
8496,Work from home may not be that enjoyable for freshers
8674,"1. Shift Based Job, which sometimes ruins your life balance."
8676,Career growth is proportional to how aggressive/ambitious you are. This results in sometimes putting work life balance in jeopardy.
8819,-Lower salary than competition -Constant organisational changes
8834,"some of the mgmt does not fit into the company's culture and value, no proper coaching and pressing only for numbers instead, pity..."
8932,"Volatile work burden, stressful at times"
8992,Lots of org changes each year
9056,i dont have a cons for this job.
9221,Pains and politics from a big company. Challenging to understand career path in the company.
9374,Annually changing patch so AE's start fresh
9378,manager decides everything Top down appraoch
9501,"It is a very large company so it is possible to sometimes get ""lost"" in navigating the company structure."
9537,"Teams are very siloed. Head's down work environment. A lot of people do not participate in work events because they're too busy. If you're in services department, you won't have the best work/life balance"
9622,- Organizational change is difficult. Everything changes every month on the Marketing Cloud Support team. This will calm down as the Marketing Cloud assimilates further into Salesforce practices.
9633,"The company is going through some intense growth right now and, as a result, you can tell that some are overwhelmed. There are many processes in place, but even they are showing some stress from the rate. While this isn't a deal-breaker, some patience is usually all that is required and the issues do get resolved."
9686,Getting really big and corporate
9772,payscale for Techsupport is less
9841,"Progress and decision-making can sometimes be slow, given it's an enterprise company."
9859,"large company, tough to navigate promotion process"
9875,None as such. Tech stack could be better.
