,pros
786,You guys force people to lie
803,Too many pros to list
1109,Salary and benefits are good although promised training may not materialise or refuse to hire enough staff to cover for training leave
1508,"Original CEO, doing more for the community and social change, but isn't involved in how the company is run and the ""Ohana"" culture is not working, look inside.. you can create ""Ohana"" but if people are stabbing eachother in the back and arrogant, there is no Ohana."
1697,"People,People, and People.... many companies say it most companies cannot prove it. RelateIQ is people driven and it shows from day 1. The people are incredible! A great place to work if you would like to be exposed to all aspects of a growing startup. Everyones ides matter and they really show it."
2158,"Nothing what they claim. They have very poor work culture, low pay and lots of pressure and humiliation in the name of regular feedbacks, promotions etc. You will be under lots of pressure constantly."
3117,"The culture is legitimate not just lip service. I feel valued and supported. If I had been working at any of my previous companies during the pandemic, I am 100% certain that I would either be unemployed or forced to take a pay cut/furlough. Salesforce has lived up to its promise in every single aspect."
3265,"Money was ok, everything else was a nightmare."
3677,"• overall good benefits; however, they lack Canadian representation in HR or legal, which results in a lot of gaffe's and gross misunderstandings of the difference between legal requirements and competitive best practices • so large and lacking any accountability that you can really hide and do your own thing...if that's what you wanna do"
4591,learned a lot about how a recruiting org runs at scale
4796,Good exposure for learning B2B marketing
5015,not applicable not applicable not applicable
5251,"(marketing cloud) Great hiding place for mediocre, uninspired people"
5903,only pross pross pross pross
5923,Hyderabad office recruitment and HR is a total mess. You can get into salesforce hyd if you know some people and back door policy. US management needs to look into this. Worthy candidate profiles are not considered here. HR is just useless
6084,"The technology is on the leading edge. When Salesforce.com falls out of the lead, they're not afraid to invest to catch up or take over. They are willing to buy solutions when they don't think they can build them internally."
6171,Here are the pros for SF:- Culture Pay People Policies Processes
6198,"Career opportunities, Income and benefits, plus the fact that budget is not a problem"
6281,Lots of resources and potential to move jobs
6482,By far the people and team atmosphere. There is no shortage of high caliber individuals to assist. Large data accessibility behind you in every turn.... no need to reinvent the wheel at every turn. Supportive management who look out for you and want you to succeed.
6570,Lots of opportunity to move internally
6664,Weak management is easy manipulate. Weak corporate leadership makes it easy to find places to hide and retire in place. Free snacks
7105,"This place sucks, hands down. The job is terrible and there is no vision in terms of company growth. The product is disorganized and broken. The management team are not leaders - they hide where comfortable, within a broken product. I noticed that they avoid higher level conversations and like to stick to the working back end of the product. You cannot forge meaninful partnerships if all you want to do is position yourself as a technical specialist. Pros: - Free food and drinks - Macs Cons: - This job sucks, literally the worst job I've ever had - No incentive to work hard / promotion - Favoritism/Nepotism - My manager hired a friend and made that person a senior member of the team - No career path They might be Salesforce now but Buddy sticks to its roots. It's a sinking ship and everyone is going down with them."
8130,"Original CEO, doing more for the community and social change, but isn't involved in how the company is run and the ""Ohana"" culture is not working, look inside.. you can create ""Ohana"" but if people are stabbing eachother in the back and arrogant, there is no Ohana."
8485,"Technology, Snacks, Travel. It is only the #1 place to work if you are not in sales- product, marketing, engineering, etc have it way better than the sales org."
8655,The amount of resources to make sure you are in a position to succeed is astounding!
8681,"Salesforce.com is a hidden gem from an employment perspective. I am sure it looks like Siebel on the outside to some people (just another CRM software company). But it's a company on a mission. With 10,000s of employees you cannot avoid the usual bureaucracy, but the company is strongly driven by mission and I think that is huge."
9333,A good place to not be pressured and still do work.
9335,You guys force people to lie
9702,Benioff nice CEO let down by power hungry types
9748,"This place sucks, hands down. The job is terrible and there is no vision in terms of company growth. The product is disorganized and broken. The management team are not leaders - they hide where comfortable, within a broken product. I noticed that they avoid higher level conversations and like to stick to the working back end of the product. You cannot forge meaninful partnerships if all you want to do is position yourself as a technical specialist. Pros: - Free food and drinks - Macs Cons: - This job sucks, literally the worst job I've ever had - No incentive to work hard / promotion - Favoritism/Nepotism - My manager hired a friend and made that person a senior member of the team - No career path They might be Salesforce now but Buddy sticks to its roots. It's a sinking ship and everyone is going down with them."
9776,"Money, the product, the people"
10271,"rely on management, open, transparent"
10334,the product is the Meta
