,pros
14,"Diverse work style support: An environment where remote work is possible is in place, and basically it is almost telecommuting. You can work anywhere as long as you have a computer, mobile phone, and internet environment that you can borrow. I don't necessarily have to go to the office during the corona crisis, and I find it attractive to be able to freely choose how to work. Basically, I make a schedule based on a calendar, so there are fluctuations in how busy I am at work, but I think it is very easy to maintain a work-life balance, such as being able to spend my free time on my hobbies and lessons. I don't think so."
60,"Diversity: We have people from various industries in our inside sales and SME departments. On the other hand, the age of the enterprise department is relatively high, and the early 40s are the volume zone, and I have the impression that there are many people from foreign IT companies. It feels like IBM, Oracle, HP, etc. are almost occupied."
150,"Office environment: There is a feeling that there are not enough seats because space is becoming scarce. You can work on any floor with a shared desk, but it seems that most of them are in teams."
182,Growth/career development: [Skills to acquire such as PC and language] Skills that are lacking are required to be acquired by yourself.
258,"Diverse work style support: An environment where remote work is possible is in place, and basically it is almost telecommuting. You can work anywhere as long as you have a computer, mobile phone, and internet environment that you can borrow. I don't necessarily have to go to the office during the corona crisis, and I find it attractive to be able to freely choose how to work. Basically, I make a schedule based on a calendar, so there are fluctuations in how busy I am at work, but I think it is very easy to maintain a work-life balance, such as being able to spend my free time on my hobbies and lessons. I don't think so."
304,"Diversity: We have people from various industries in our inside sales and SME departments. On the other hand, the age of the enterprise department is relatively high, and the early 40s are the volume zone, and I have the impression that there are many people from foreign IT companies. It feels like IBM, Oracle, HP, etc. are almost occupied."
394,"Office environment: There is a feeling that there are not enough seats because space is becoming scarce. You can work on any floor with a shared desk, but it seems that most of them are in teams."
426,Growth/career development: [Skills to acquire such as PC and language] Skills that are lacking are required to be acquired by yourself.
605,There are good people you can find to surround yourself with
1180,It's the best place ever and you will never have any problems with anyone. Welcome to the good life!
1740,I sometimes wish I still worked there
2224,There isn't a single thing this place doesn't do that is better than every where else I have ever worked
2694,None that I can think of
3210,Support through covid has been great
3305,None at all - Everything is great.
3676,Good WLB is maintained across most teams
3761,"Great food when available, but not always"
3993,Coming back home now and I’ll
4568,My team is very family oriented and has been very supportive during the pandemic.
5377,"Besides all pros mentioned by others (they are all real), just add another two. 1. Running/walk at embarcadero bay is really joyful, you can enjoy ferry building, AT&T park, even Pier 39/Fisherman's Wharf at any free time. Cannot find a better place for running. BTW, showers are available at office. 2. If you do not like the wind near water, SFMoMA or north beach are within 10 minutes walk. BTW, GA for SFMoMA is free."
5574,Light years ahead of any other company.
5622,It's the best place ever and you will never have any problems with anyone. Welcome to the good life!
5623,Thanks everyone I know I have a great network of people on my side. Love all and keep in touch. Forgive often. Even if you can't forget.
6582,"Unfortunately, most of the good parts have gone with the acquisition, nothing lasts forever, I guess. There's still free pop and snacks in the break room, for now."
6734,Everything is good but for attrition
6789,Good alternative other than SDR/BDR
6967,the ohana feeling is true
7080,"Free food, iPhone, good laptop"
7836,I have no experience yet I am New User
8070,- Good Comp - You don't really have to work hard
8131,"Unfortunately, most of the good parts have gone with the acquisition, nothing lasts forever, I guess. There's still free pop and snacks in the break room, for now."
8746,Nothing best place to work
9272,You are part of the Ohana (family) until the day they don't need you
9525,Decent support while starting out
10263,There are good people you can find to surround yourself with
